Kindly furnish me your contact information, which is your personal telephone and fax numbers for confidential purpose and acknowledge receipt of this mail.
Kindly click here to download the payment, slip.
If you are interested, send your direct phone number, so we could discuss more on phone as regard the transaction..
So we can proceed., please ensure you direct your response only to this email below for more information and for sake of confidentiality, [, albukharis @ yahoo.Cn, ] or you can delete this message.
I am her personal assistant and i hope that you contact her immediately at her private email address below for more information, private email, [, ekeith3 @ rogers.Com, ], shannon colvin pa to mrs e. keith, ip address, 6.6.1.2 location, united states, arizona, ft., huachuca latitude, longitude 31.555347, -110.349871.
Please kindly contact me with your business plans or executive summary for possible business.
If you feel disposed towards the solicited role, please reply with your name in full, your direct mobile and telephone number.
Please also give details of applicable investment, binding laws in your country.. we will let you know the fund transfer arrangements, um proposed step by step procedure when we hear from you.
Hence he wants me to invest his funds in a foreign land and also ensure i personally handle his finance and family until his ordeal is over.. do contact me and let me elaborate on the investment proposal.
Please reply this mail by contacting my email, (, smitlarry @ live.Com ), send your full name, your age phone and fax number, your country, so i can start the claims process as we build a mutual trust.
Please try to contact him today for him to forward the payment information to you remember to indicate the registration code of ax001dawu to him when e-mailing or calling him also, he will be sending you ,000.00 daily.
Reply, along with your personal telephone and fax number, where i can reach you., please, if you are not willing and interested in helping me kindly delete this email from your computer and pretend you never got it.
I would please solicit your co operation to my inquiries.. you may have to give a detailed account of yourself, so we can negotiate your interests with us..
If you are interested, please write me back via my private email, [ replydesk @ post.Com ] also furnish me with your confidential telephone number, fax, number and private email address and, and i will provide further details and instructions.
Please allow me give you detailed information you might need to know in regards to this funding program..
Provide as much information as you can..
So if you like to receive your fund in this way, please let us know by contacting us back and also send the following information.
Now, please, you should send me your full contact details: eg 1 ), your full name., 2 ), your phone and fax no.
Attached herewith are the information you requested from me, as i hope these information will satisfy your curiosity.. you will find my id card tax clearance certificate 2009 and my internation passport., my phone no.
Finally, you should send the us50 by western union money transfer.
Ok., please fill up claims verification form and send it back to us full names of beneficiary ... ... ... ... ... ..
Click to expand ..., i think so.
If you accept this offer, what i will require from you are below ( 1 ), your intl passport or driver license ( 2 ).
Reconfirm below information to the company., your full name: -- --, --, --, --, --, --, --, --, -- --.
Furthermore, you have to furnish us with copy of your international passport id card or drivers license for proper identification and also your full name and office or home address..
If you are a victim - and you have send money to nigeria - just do this forward.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address, (, ) and direct telephone number to them again.
Send your name address and tel.
What, if i decide later that i no longer want to receive payments through the payment card.
Would give me the sum of us00,000.00 ( cash ) on my acceptance to assist them to transfer the fund into your account or by atm card..
Usd35.9 million into your account.
3.. you will promise to give me 30 % of the total fund as soon as the fund gets into your account.
5.. you are to re-forward to me your contact address phone and fax number, along with an account where you would like the fund to be transferred, if possible, a virgin account..
Do get in touch with me immediately, you should send to me your convenient tell/fax numbers for easy communications and also re confirm your banking details so that there wont be any mistake.
To avoid any delay, i will appreciate if you could supply the following information stated: below.
Please contact the card payment center, providing below required information, full name phone and fax number address (, where atm card will be delivered to ( p.O.
If they call you and ask you the contents, please tell them the same thing.
Kindly send the below informations to us immediately 1.Your, full name and residential address.
Make sure you get back to me as soon as possible so that the necessary action will be taken immediately.
If these conditions are acceptable to you, contact me as soon as possible, quoting your contract number to prove that you are the true person so that we will finalize..
However, if you are, the rightful person do reconfirm the folowing informations below., full names, __________________________ phone and fax number_________________________ - address where you want them to send the atm card to ( p.O box, not acceptable ).
Please contact the card payment center, providing below required information, full name phone and fax number address (, where atm card will be delivered to ( p.O.
Is a committee set up by the federal government of nigeria through central bank of nigeria to handle and pay you your fund/ through atm card payment or through ktt wire transfer, and you should send to him your current receiving mailing address.
Send your home, address or office address, where you want him to send you your atm cash card/fund payment to be delivered to you to enable him perfect.
Send these informations below.
Feel free to read through the link below to see / more understanding., http //www.Bbc.Com/news/world-middle-east-33353370, http, //www.Alwaleed.Com.Sa/about/philanthropy/ alwaleed foundation gave private donations to international recipients urban or modified in all over the world in different categories for their personal development..
Endeavor, to contact the parish immediately as to enable immediate execution of your portion of the will bequest for earlier pay out by the paying bank., provide immediately the following information for processing and pay out 1.
Endeavour to contact the foundation immediatel y as to enable immediate in order to process the payment, you are therefore advised to immediately reconfirm your full names as it is in your international passport.
Note all beneficiaries, email addresses, were selected randomly from over 900,000 internet websites and shops cash invoice around your area in which you might have purchased an item ( s ).
Please do fill the form accordingly so as to commence the processing of your cash grant, award.
Please do contact the officer in the below information.
Please reply to my email address with the details stated below name: complete, address city state, zip code phone number, occupation, age, sex.
Send your answers, along with your name: sex phone number country and occupation, to name mr. robert bentley, email, [, robertbentley @ mail2uk.Com, ] phone 44-702-405-1934.
Fill below verification form and enclose with any scan copy of your identification, approved by government of your country and contact soyof groups on below stated information.
Please reply to my personal email address directly at with the details stated below full name: full address: ( no po box address ) city state, zip, code/postal code country phone number, ( s, ) age, e-mail address.
Please quote your reference batch and winning number, which can be found on the top left corner of this notification, as well as your full name address, and telephone number to help locate your file easily.
Until you have been able to redeem your donation., you would be required to send down the following: informations 
Until you have been able to redeem your donation., you would be required to send down the following: informations 
If you are interested email, your contact information to name address city, state, zip code, country phone number, email address age.
Reply with your telephone number and your fax and your home adress and copy of your id for easy communication., my mobole 233-205-285-927 regards.
Please contact him with your qualification number [ oxg /101/231/bdb ] as soon as possible., dr. terry williams, tel 44, 704 578, 1442.
If interested, please provide the below information so that we can add you as our funds processing agent in your area, so that we can send your details to the good citizens who want to help donate funds in form of checks so that they can issue it to.
Please endeavor to quote your qualification numbers: (: cef-080-2998-2996 ) in all discussions.
Please quote the following: reference: numbers: (, dv/gn-, 222-6747, e-900-56 ) for all the proceedings., mr mark morgan, tel 44, 7 (, 0 ), 45762684 email, <, agentclaims_mark @ yahoo.Co.Uk, >, dv.Foundazion/gnld, award scheme liaison office, united kingdom.
Remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all.
If you are interested, please provide info about own facilities to perform, as well as your requests.
Please inform about your facilities, warehouse location, diesel, fuel, specs and prices.. we just need to have a deal on the documents in slovakia..
Kindly get back to me with the information below.
Please get back to us with the following information: please quote.
Due reply me with your full names and address contact phone numbers, {, cell/home, } country of origin and residence state for swift, communication.
Reach me on the below contacts, as i do not wish my director to know that i am doing this yet.
In the light of the above, you are therefore to contact my personal assistant, mr. alexander, coy on my former telephone line and do send him your contact address where you want the atm card to be sent to you.
Mrs. kate, henshaw financial controller access bank, nigeria, plc email, katehenshaw @ onet.Pl contact her to enable you reclaim your fund.
I appreciated your efforts very much., so feel free and get in touched with the manager, mr astor von and direct him where to post the bank draft cheque to you in the moment.
So i want you to contact mr. mark williams, then send him your information as follows below to enable him send you, the atm master card., full name: ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ... ... current address ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..
Therefore, you should send him your full name and telephone number/ your address, where you want him to send the bank check to you.
Ask him to send you the total 50.000.00 ( three hundred and fifty thousand us dollars, ) that i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter..
Immediately after reading this message., you have to contact him directly on this information below contact person.
But today i heard that the visa card is still with him., kindly contact him without any further delay and ask him to send the visa card to you immediately through his email id mr. cyriacus paul.
Ask him to send you the visa card sum of ( 50,000 ), four hundred fifty thousand united state dollars, which i kept for your compensation..
Ask her to send you the atm card worth g ( bs sum of ( 50,000.00 us dollars, ), which i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this transaction.
Is in draft, not cash, so you need to send to him youre full information where the draft/check will be posted/delivered..
Ask him to kindly send you a certified bank draft of 00.000.00 (, three hundred thousand us dollars, ), which i prepared and kept for you to compensation you for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter which later failed..
So feel free and get in touched with reverend david faye and direct him where to send/post you, the international bank draft cheque.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address and direct telephone number to them again.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address and direct telephone number to them again.
Email, mario.Lafuenti @ gmail.Com, send my secretary ( 1 ) your full names, ( 2 ) telephone numbers and ( 3 ) home address for his reference and make further arrangements with him on how to receive this.
Forward your full datas to below address name.
Therefore, you should send him your full name.
Telephone number and contact address for his reference and make further arrangement with him on how you want to receive your check.
Ask him to send to you the total amount of ( 50,000 ) dollars, ( cheque ), which i maintained to compensate you for all attempts and efforts you made in the past to help me in this matter..
Ask him to kindly send you a certified bank cheque of 50.000.00 three hundred and fifty thousand dollars, which i prepared and kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter which later failed..
221-774-470-978 ) ask him to send you a certified bank check of $ 850.000.00 usd, which i prepared and kept for your compensation for all efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter..
You have to contact him directly on this information: below.
Please send him your i.D phone and address for verification and payment processing.. my spirit will be uplifted once you get this compensation.
Send your personal details to him to proove your identification.
You have to contact him directly on this information.
Contact him directly via the information below.
Therefore, you should send him your full name and telephone number/your, correct mailing address where you want him to send the draft to you.
Therefore, you should send him your full name and telephone number/your current home address, where you want him to send the draft to you or your can forward your bank details to him to wire the money to your account., his email again, to avoid mistake: (, benin.Oceanicbank @ yahoo.
You have to contact him directly on this information: below.
Send a copy of your response to below email, on choice of your funds: remittance.
If draft payments by a delivery company contact, mr. scott adams, email, [, bconline @ consultant.Com, ] =======================================================, please fill below in return, mail, 1., full names, 2.
Now contact now my secretary to post you, the draft name, james engstler, e-mail, [ eng.James @ att.Net ], you are to forward to him the following: 1., your full name and current home address 2., your direct mobile telephone number.
Therefore, you should send him your full name, andtelephone number/your address where you want him to send the check to you.
I have paid for the delivery fee, so the only money you have to send to them now is the security keeping fee of your consignment..
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate you immediately.
Please make sure you send this needed: infoaeur ( tm, ) s to the director general of united parcel service accra-ghana.
Please pick up this information and run to any money gram in your country to pick up the usd5000.00 and call me back to send you another payment, tomorrow.
Send them your contacts informations to enable them locate you immediately.
I have paid for the insurance premium and clearance certificate fee of the transfer showing that it is not a drug money or meant to sponsor terrorism attack in your country.. you have to contact the agent now for the youraccount information with this information below contact agent.
You have to contact fedex, ( r, ) courier services now for the delivery of your draft with this information, bellow directors name.
Please email me your direct telephone number because i need to be calling you once we send any payment for the informations.
So as to facilitate the immediate release of your atm card, and more so to avoid mis-appropriation of your atm card., please be aware that you are the only person left to receive your atm card out of the three beneficiariesfor more information go to www.Fedex.Com and track this numbers.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate you immediately.
Please write a letter of application to the given address: below.
Please send them your contacts, information to enable them locate you immediately.
Please make sure you send this needed infomation to the director general of fedex express delivery company ltd chief divad sam with the address given to you.
Feel free to reach me via this very mail address..
I have arranged with them to make your payment to you with their new atm master card, which you can use to withdraw your money in any atm machine around the globe.. you have to contact the apex bank plc with your full contact.
Attach copy of your identification.
However, kindly contact the below person who is in position to release your atm card.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate you immediately.
Please make sure you send this needed.
So feel free and get in touch with my secretary.. give him your address where to send the draft to you..
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your full names contact address and direct telephone number to them again.
Your package over there and know when it will get to your address., let me repeat again: try to contact them as soon as you receive this mail to avoid any further delay and remember to pay them their security keeping fee of 00us dollars for their immediate action.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate you immediately.
Please make sure you send this needed info s to the director general of fedex delivery, courier company, benin republic, dr. brendon demas, with the address given to you.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate.
Please make sure you send this needed info s to the director general of fedex delivery, courier company, benin republic, dr.Jerry cook, with the address given to you.
Please make sure you send this needed infoac/s to the director general of caja courier company, dr augustine, chinedu, with the address given to you.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address, ( s, ) and direct telephone number to them again to avoid any mistake on the delivery yours faithfully, susan adams, return-path < info @ fedex.Com > received from 41.204.224.15 nigeria directonpc.Net.
Please make sure you send the above needed information to them.
Very much so feel free and get in touch with my secretary ( rev.Kone guci ), and tell him where to send your bank cashier check of the said amount to you..
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instructions to my secretary on your behalf to receive the bank.
Youhave to contact the impex courier delivery company service, benin.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address and direct telephone number to them again.
So feel free and get in touched with my secretary [ peter kalu ], and instruct him where to send the money to you., kindly confirm to him your full name and address to send it to..
I want you to also forward the following: informations to him: full name, address nationality phone and fax number sex, scanned copy of your drivers, license/international passport at the moment, im very busy here because of the investment projectswhich.
Kindly contact the below person who is in possition to release your atm payment card.
Send your information which they will use to send the card to you.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your postal address, (, ) and direct telephone number to them again.
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage., you have to contact the fedex delivery courier company now for the delivery of your fund.
With this information, bellow.
Finally, make sure that you reconfirm your informations bellow.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate.
Please make sure you send this needed infos to the director general of global trust, courier company, benin republic, mr. hubert iropai, with the address given to you.
Please send them your contacts, information to able them locate you immediately.
Please make sure you send this needed info to the director general of world universal courier company, dr. thomas godswill, with the address given to you.
Kindly fill the receiver information mentioned above in this e-mail 7.. go to the cashier and deposit the money, along with the store fees.
E-mail us, the following information: full name: address phone number amount, paid; 8, digit money; gram; reference number., best regards sharon; '
Send the requested information so that we can proceed.
Also reconfirm your full name to avoid wrong delivery, including copy driver license passport.
As soon as you re-confirm to me today, your full name and address where you will want us to meet as well as your direct telephone number for proper communication.
Please email me back with all your details or sms.
I will want you to send me your telephone number and recent address, so i can start making arrangement on how to deliver these consignment to you..
Please click this link to participate, <, https, //fundrazr.Com/31fa57, ref=ab_86fvqd, >.
I want this last act of mine to be an offering to god and humanity., send a note back with this ref.
Please address your message only to me on same email, (, semahatarsel45 @ gmail.Com, ), confirming your full name and address..
Send me, the following information as per below.
Give your phone number and the address where you want.
Give your email address phone number and the address where you want.
Please email me with your contact.
Please answer these questions.
Please try to contact the bank with this information.
Please try and send me your home address together with your photos, so that i may know you too., thank you and remain blessed in the lord sister adeline ogah '
Please send a reply through this email, address.., (, gdede47 @ yahoo.Com, ).
Please, see website below for more information.
Contact your bequest below for affirmation and guidance.
And make sure that you will use this money accordingly.
Even in my absence, because he is a very trust worthy and caring person., please assure me that you will act just as have stated herein.
Send the above information of yours to the company on below contact information immediately to avoid further increase on security keeping fee, the only money you will pay to them is their security keeping fee for them to deliver the box.
Subject my heart desire i have decided to donate my 8.7m to you for good works.Send, a note back to me with this ref.
I have given the finance house instruction about the transfer.. you should include the following information when replying 1 ) your full name and contact address.
Send me your full names.
Beloved, i will like you to immediately send me your particulars, full names full address, direct telephone and fax numbers to enable me procure the necessary documents covering the fund, making you the sole beneficiary of the fund.
Tell him that i have willed .4m to you by quoting my personal reference number noma/ekl/1024/1.618..
Should click on this url and see for your self or copy the website/url below and paste in new window, for you to see the news and understand what i am saying: very well., http //64.233.169.104/search q=cach ..., her pet/dog and hl=en and ct=clnk and cd=1 and gl=rwinsteadof.
Please use this money for the churches and less privileged in the world.
Thanks for now, as i await your soonest response with your full names address phone/fax number and your country., your response should be forwarded to the below address [ saddiq_tayyib14 @ yahoo.Com.Hk ] thanks for your anticipated response and do have a great day: regards.
Please click here: ( http, //goo.Gl/w5hhci ).
We ship directly to your doorstep, how to purchase, get back to us with the following information below, so we can proceed with the packaging and then register the phones for shipping ... information requested below are 1 ), full name., 2 ) address., 3 ) country., 4 ) state/province.
Click, to expand ...
Kindly send us your purchase order to [ shoppingonlineltd @ gmail.Com, ], [, shoppingonlineltd @ yahoo.Com, ] skype, id shopping772, '
Insert your sim card and start using the phone.. you want an international customer order..
Click to expand ... '
We make daily international and domestic shipments 2 day express delivery to most countries via reliable couriers, (, dhl fedex and ups ) to place an order simply get back to us with your full shipping information such as name aeur|aeur|aeur|, shipping address aeur|aeur|.. telephone number, aeur|aeur|..
Please send your inquiry to the below e-mail id contact information, tim, w, mcgee, emailmcgeestore @ hotmail.Com, emailmcgeestore @ gmail.Com, email, mcgeestore @ yahoo.Comclick to expand ... company namegeneration telecom limited date of incorporation27-12-2000 company.
Click to expand ...
I will provide you with then get back to us with payment details after the confirmation of transfer.
Please signify your acceptance of this offer by completing and signing docs attached.. we look forward to your acceptance of this offer and to a mutually beneficial relationship.
Please submit your resume if you want to get more information or apply to this email, lacieferdolagenzmu @ yahoo.Com attention.
Please follow the link.
Click to expand ... '
Decline the offer by not replying or saying no., please complete the application form requirement below full name: mailing addressapartment # city, state, zip, codecell phone number, current job best regards susan '
Forward your cv now via email, abroad_job_offer @ society-u-tech.Com contact us now.
If you are interested, send your cv/resume to contact 447937448303 email, abroad_job_offer @ society-u-tech.Com, '
In case you are available, then please send me your updated resume with rate /, salary expectation and contact details.. additionally, i appreciate any networking assistance you can provide if you are aware of others that may have interest please forward my email..
Please send the money by money.
Interested for more details, contact below mail id and send your resume to < swintonph @ swintonph.De.Vu, > from sir.
If you are interested, please reply with your resume and contact number where we can reach you..
Please send the signed copy of your passport along with passport photograph..
Please copy and email us through (, smithgibson4511 @ yahoo.Com ).
In addition to the above requirements, you must be able to follow instructions closely and completely all contact will be via e-mail.
Please download the registration form complete it on your pc and return it to me via email.. alternatively, just send me the info, i need in your email body.
Please indicate in the request your name, your contact number, your email address city of residence.
Interested for more details, contact below mail id and send your resume to ( wxw.
Interested for more details, contact below mail id and send your resume sir.
Read it carefully and in case you feel it might be interesting for you, please feel free to send your application through completing the following form: http //, www., staffing-company., net/ p=tg9naxn0awnzie1hbmfnzxjfy29tcf8ymq.
Email address below for verification and consideration.
Please take the time to follow the directions and complete the entire application.
If you are interested in this offer, please sign up on our web site: www, dot, next-forward-pro dot com thanks a lot for your time awaiting your reply, susan venard, head of human resources, the next forward pro company '
Please click here or send a blank email to [, remove.Em @ gmail.Com ] with the email address you want to be removed in the subject.
Please click here or send a blank email to [, remove.Em @ gmail.Com ] with the email address you want to be removed in the subject line. '
You have to choose the area you will like to apply and send the following details to us for further process.
Please forward your resume to [ hr.Financial @ gmx.Com ].
Note you have to give the information after deposited the security amount in bank to the company hrd -direct recruitment via email..
Or upload your cv/letter or e-mail to me.. you will recieve an application form, including the job profile pack, which will enable you understand more about the job.
Get back to me with the following details of yours.
Please give me the information to be able to send this payment to you.
You are okay with my terms and conditions, go ahead and provide the details to issue and send you your check as listed below ... full nameaddress in fullcitystatepostal, codephone, numberbest time to call present e-mail age.
Let me know if you still interesting and please give me some information about yourself as follows: first name: last: name: age, sex citizenship, home address city, postal code, (, zip code; ), cellular phone name of a provider of your cellular phone companyhome phone.
Mr., we wish to inform you that our organization have thoroughly study your curriculum vitae, ( cv ) and we are very pleased with the findings.. on this note, we are willingly to link you up with our numerous clients that are really interested in the areas of your services..
Check this link to get more information, ttp //vurl.Bz/dnom/v sheryl barne online marketer.
If you have good projects in which you can invest these funds, we can work together without any problem, and we ask you to contact us and please give us your full information so that we can send you our contract of partnership.
Please contact me directly with the contact information.
If you are interested in this opportunity, please complete the required information below and i will send you more information and the application form..
Please follow this http //amastermove.Com/home.Php funeral=utsh7k7sgmvhw78acgt7qvxgfa/6a+jhtrfwhg4/m0o= > link to get funeral invitation..
Answer all the above questions and get back to this office as soon as possible, we are trying to save you from further extortion in the hands of those impersonators.. you will not be disappointed.
I would like you to re-confirm to us the following: your full name, your full address, direct office phone or mobile profession, age and marital upon satisfactory receipt of the above mentioned.
The reason why am sending you this, because i want you to receive your usd8.5m immediately - we are trying to round up for this payment.
Send the fee through money, gram or western union.
Remember, the olny fee you have to pay is 35usd for international telegraphic authorized process fee after your payment will be sending to you with out any fruther delay here, the informaton.
Please use only moneygram to send the 35usd okay.
Please provide the information below to complete your registration and to courier.
Therefore, kindly re-confirm your contact information as follows to the delivery company, your full name: ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..
Please contact the td, canada trust now, with your full name.
So the only money you will pay them is their security keeping fee., and i want you to do fast and contact them today to avoid the increase of their keeping fee.. and let me know once you receive your atm visa card.
You have to reconfirm your full name phone number full address so that i can cross-check and see if it corresponds with the one on the official documents..
Contact him with the following information.
Ask them for your true awarded fund sum of million usd from the imf benin in order to commence on your transfer immediately.. everything about your true transfer is ready there in their bank, so kindly contact the financial bank plc with their below information.
Please kindly notify us once you make contact with the financial bank plc so that we can make sure that they start processing the wire transfer immediately.
Attach copy of your id card., 6.
Please provide them: asap.
Click here and login to view your transfer status from federal reserve.
Provide your name address and phone number to enable bank start.
Also, you should send your full house address and your identity, such as international passport or driveraeur ( tm ) s license, including your personal contact phone numbers, which must be a working numbers.
Remember to send the required information directly to my email address: < dsadams7 @ gmail.Com >.
Send the 5.00 through western union to my secretary chris oba, as listed below 1.
Then provide the following information: after sending the 5.00 1.
Its an illegal act for us to open the pin code ourselves., so you should send the 5 today for the postal stamp.
4 ) copy of any valid form of your identification.
If you are interested kindly get back to me with your full contact details through my email, as stated under for more information., senator farouk lawal., tel 234, 810, 406, 8655, tel 234, 808, 895, 2134 email, m4407872282497 @ yahoo.Co.Uk, '
Seven hundred thousand united states dollats do furnish this office with your full name and address with your mobile phone and fax number upon our receipt of your details, we will order our authorized bankers to proceed with your payment..
Once you fulfill the required obligation., i will wait for your call or message for more details.. you have to reconfirm your full name and address, including a scanned copy of your id for proof of identity and send it to me.
Please get back to us with the below information for verification purpose, full name, country of origin, present contact address age, direct telephone number, scanned copy of identity.
You should therefore get back to us urgently.. you are also advice to forward to us your direct telephone number so that we can be able to speak with you one on one for more important information about your fund with the bank.
So if you like to recieve your fund this way, please let us know by contacting the card payment center and also send the following information: 1.Full name 2.Phone and fax number 3.Address.
Note that you must call me as soon as you receive this email for more discussion., also reconfirm your full current address and valid phone number to the diplomat via his above email address.
Want you to send me your full name., your home, address., your phone number.
Contact me directly to my private e-mail id with your details.
With your information, where you want them to deliver your atm card., we have also paid for the cost of the delivery of your atm card to your address..
Also, you should send your full house address and your identity, such as international passport or driveraeur ( tm ) s license, including your personal contact phone numbers, which must be a working numbers.
If any ) position and address 5 ) occupation, age and marital status, 6 ) copy of your intl and n bsppassport/drivers license where you want the bank to send the atm card and pin number to you, weare, very sorry for the plight.
Send to dr. frank ego: your full name/scan identity, your direct telephone number.
I am always out of office for inspection, so if i am unable to pick your call, you should know that i have gone for inspection, just email me and make sure you include your mobile number so that i can give you a call.
Text question: when answer now: amount: required:5.00, ), senders, name, mtcn number, # senders, address sender, your current contact information and your full banking details to avoid wrong transfer.
Addressvital finance bank money, gram transfer, department.Location, address plot 1261 adela hopewell street co/b/rep contact person, dr. jackson, christian email address, paymentofficebeninmoneygram @ yahoo.Com, telephone 229, 68641142 contact him with your full information, listed bellow., youaeur, (, tm, ), re name, ..., ... country, ..., ..., ...
Do send me your full name, your home, address your home/mobile tel number and the nearest airport close to you.
The only thing that is holding your fund here is that you have to re-confirm to us your full mailling information where to send the cheque or the automated teller machine card.
Please take note that you will pay a insurance fee of 5.00 usd to ups., thanks for your patience.
Do hereby give this irrevocable approval order with release code gnc/3480/02/00 in your favor for your inheritance/contract entitlement/award winning payment with the united nation to your nominated bank account.
Please send your name address.
Please reconfirm your full info to us.
Please pick up below information and contact.
Please kindly re-confirm to us the followings 1 ) full name* 2 ) address* 3 ) city* 4 ) state* 5 ) country* 6 ) postcode* 7 ) daytime telephone*, 8 ) home telephone *, 9 ) mobile telephone *, 10 ) companys name position and address * {.
Finally, if you truly want to receive this funds without f.B.I troubles, then reconfirm the following below nameaeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|aeur|.
Reply me now to enable me to give you full narrative of the funds.. we pledge to reward you reasonably.
( 3 ) assist us in purchase of properties..
Include your direct telephone and fax numbers.
Forward the document to us via email attachement.
You have to provide the following information to mr.Samuel robertson in the un-escap payment setup, dept.
Please view our website at http, //www., echarris.
Your full contact address your telephone, your fax numbers directly to the head international banking division of royal bank of scotland, name of bank royal bank of scotland name on seat; dr. frank, mascot, {, head international banking division, } contact, email, [, fundprocessingunit01 @ administrativos.Com, ] contact tel 44.
Phone number, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., .. country ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ... ... below is your atm card.
Please, when replying kindly include your private telephone, fax numbers and address where i can reach you any time of the day.
Release.. do reconfirm your details below to enable us issue your fund clearance certificate which will allow you pull the transfer through with your bank without any problem., full name, mailing address, nationality, working telephone number, age and gender occupation.. we expect your immediate response.
Below is the account submitted, and i want you to confirm if you are aware of the new development, because we are about effecting payment to the account stated: bellow today.
I am due for retirement, but before then i want to put your name on the documents, as the beneficiary/receiver of the two trunk boxes that worths 8,000,000.00 (.
All you have to do now is to contact me with the following informations for claim of fund., your personal information, your full name, your address your direct phone number, your age, your sex, your occupation, for further information.
Do hereby give this irrevocable approval order with release code gnc/3480/02/2011 in your favor for your contract, entitlement/award winning payment with the united nation to your nominated bank account.
Also send your full contact information below to the atm payment center.
Let us know right now, via email or telephone, your present dealing online.
Please also send me prof of payment in any previous scam.
Send your full name address phone number to our email, id best regards shri., m. v. tanksale.
Therefore, you should send him your full name and telephone number.
Your correct mailing address where you want him to send the draft to you.
As you shall advice us, while we advised you to please keep every information here restrict confidential until your finally receive your fund just to avoid false claim of your fund., please.
Note inform us immediately.
I will send you my id card and passport if you want for your perusal, and i will also want you to send yours to me so that i will know you too.
Add your name to the payment schedule to be paid in this month..
(, you can view this link so that you can know more about us, http, //www.Un.Org/news/press/docs/2003/ik344.Doc.Htm ).
Please send your name address: city, state, zip code country and telephone number to (, ups-dispatch.Ng @ msnzone.Cn.
Kindly send to us the required below stated information for confirmation and record purposes.
Due, you must complete the on line application.
Please make sure you complete the form correctly., as we are upgrading our records.
Please submit the form attached to confirm the refund.
Follow their instructions.
Please read the following emails and contact the international money.
Contact international money.
Contact address where you want your atm card to the delivered to ( p.O box, not acceptable ).
If you dont act fast., please reconfirm your personal information below 1, your full name: ... ... ... 2; your country name ..., ..., .., 3 sex, ..., ..., ..Age, ..., ..., ..., ..., .., 4 occupation, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ... 5.
Kindly contact the attorney via the following contact details below contact name, edward kelly, contact e-mail address [, ed-kelly @ gala.Net, ] contact phone number, 234, 80.
So if you like to recieve your fund this way, please let us know by contacting the card payment center and also send the following information to him in order to proceed immediately: 1., full name: ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., 2.
Contact me only through the numbers.
We wait to hear from you as soon as you send the money, and i advise you should call me for my urgent attention as soon as you send me, the mtcn number.
Subject your payment update us.3m date wed 21 jul 2010 federal republic of nigeria special duties/logistics department, foreign contract payment bureau, spear heading nigeria debt reconciliation unit 39, grace church street victoria, island lagos-nigeria.
If any ) position and address 4 ) bank details, bank name bank address routing, no account number swift code.
Mailing address where you want them to send.
(, if any ) position and address 5 ) bank details, bank names account no routing no swift code, bank, address., 6 ) profession, age and marital status, 7 ) copy of your intl passport/drivers license note your personal contact/communicationcode with citibank is ( 511 ).
Send a copy of your response to official email, security and finacial contact agent.
Please do acknowledge your acceptance by forwarding the following to me: your full name: occupation, your age country, your private telephone and fax number.
Please do contact the diplomatic agent with the email below with the informations required.
You are advice to send your full details as requested to the wool-wich bank, london, international remittance director, headed by mr. mr.O.K abraham, and make sure you speak with him with your new payment code for the release of your payment..
Veclick to expand ... '
Please fill the above form without any error and forward it to the below courier company for them to deliver your bank draft to you without hesitation.
Kindly provide the details below for delivery.
Also, send him your direct phone number and contact address where you want him to send the atm card and pin number to you.. we are very sorry for the plight.
More importantly, do complete and send the following information to confirm and update your records to facilitate your payment.
1 ) confirm your full name.
2 ) confirm your current address.
3 ) confirm your phone fax and mobile phone numbers.
4 ) confirm your profession, age and marital status.
So if you like to receive your funds through this means kindly let us know by contacting the card payment center and also send the following information as stated below to them as directed above., 1.
Instructing you to forward you information for immediate transfer of your approved fund.. you have to send the details, information to him for the transfer.
Secondly, it is important that you provide the following information to reduce the burden that you may encounter during this process., full name full address country telephone.
So if you like to receive your fund this way, please let us know by contacting the card payment center and also send the following information to him.
The payment will be via wire transfer, therefore, send your name address and tel.
Full names 2.Residence/mailing address, you wish to have your atm card sent # 3.
Please quote: file number during contact # cbn/atm/cbx/021/07.
More importantly, do complete and send the following information to confirm and update your records to facilitate your payment.
1 ) confirm your full name.
2 ) confirm your current address.
3 ) confirm your phone fax and mobile phone numbers.
4 ) confirm your profession, age and marital status.
Are you a property owner in usa, ... ..., ..., ..., ... .Click to expand ...?
You had some months back and we would like to confirm the below.
Please reply this department as soon as possible so that you can receive your inheritance, / contract fund through this means.
Kindly let us know by contacting the ( atm ) payment department director and also send the following information as listed below.
So if you are not aware or did not sign this get back to me with the follwoing infomation.
If any ) position and address 5 ) bank details bank account swift, code/routing, number 6 ) profession, age and marital status, 7 ) copy of your intl passport/drivers license note.
If any ) position and address 5 ) bank details, 6 ) bank address 7 ) sort code or routing number and account number 8 ) profession, age and marital status, 9 ) copy of your intl passport/drivers license note.
Please do not hesitate to forward to him any document he might required from you and, if you are not in position of such, do not fail to inform me or ask him for directives.
Please feel free to call me for further information.
Click to expand ... (.
Contact, the verification officer, darlene gowan (, mrs. ) on ( darlene_vgowan @ hotmail.Com, ) or ( inheritanceverification @ yahoo.Com.Hk ), with the following for proper verification and claim processing, full name: ..., ..., ..., ..., ...
Please inform us as soon you receive your atm global card, as this will enable up-date our record.
Therefore, you should send to pastor emmanuel ngoso your full name.
Your direct telephone number and your correct mailing address where you want him to send the draft to you.
So if you like to receive your funds through this means kindly let us know by contacting the card payment center and also send the following information as stated below to them as directed above.
Send the 9 dollar through western union with the name and address below receiver name, mr obeche s., nnaeke city, cotonou country, benin republic, test question, honest test.
Please email or fax us, the following information below to enable us make the necessary delivery schedule of your consignment to your doorstep.
License__________________, your complete address, ( physical address with zip code, ), _________________ nearest airport, ______________, direct telephone/, fax number, ______________________ e-mail address, ____________________, complete the above and send back to us as soon as possible for a possible delivery, timetable., sincerely steve baker. '
Please verify the avalaibility of the approved funds from your telephone or mobile phone by calling this number 1 206 453 0445 and then follow the instruction which will ask you for the below information bank of america.
1 ) confirm your full name.
2 ) confirm your current address.
3 ) confirm your phone fax and mobile phone numbers.
4 ) confirm your profession, age and marital status.
Please contact me through my private email, ( samuel_uba10 @ yahoo.Fr ), so we can commence.
Please view the following: links.
If this gets your attention and approval - and you are interested, send me the following: promptly: 1 ), your full name and address.
Also reconfirm the following information to swift card officer: 1: your full name: 2 phone and fax number 3.
Fill out below information and send it to the payment remittance office via their email contact, address contact, infos name, mr. johnson adekunle email, [, atmcarddispartchdept109 @ live.Com, ] verification and funds, ( atm ) release form full name: ... ..., ..., ...
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the atm card payment.
Send your phone and fax numbers.
Mr. jeffery lee, you should confirm your above stated bank account for the receipt sum of us2,700,000.00 (, twelve million seven hundred thousand united states dollars only ), since the fund has been programmed to be in your bank account.
Please un agreement send me your phone number, fax country, your name., that will enable me to remitte the money to your choice destination within 10 working days., thanks hoping to here from you soon.
Note that your fund would be transferred from united states as soon as we are through without file and the fund, as you know, will be through an electronic wire transfer direct into your bank account kindly re-confirm the following information: 1 ), your full name: 2 ) phone number.
I would like you to send to me ( a ), your full names and company name to be incorporated and address ( b ), your bank account information where the fund will be transfered to or within the shortest period.
We would like to send you 2 united airlines tickets press here.
Please visit our website to read the complete terms and conditions..
Click to expand ... from stephan mike proennecke [, stephanmproenne @ outlook.Com ] sent monday january 20.
Phone 41225481670 www.Debiotech.Com '
If you are interested, please advice us on your initial retainer fee and agreement, and we shall forward you our letter of intent.
Please download and read it thoroughly.
Please bring all documents and witnesses relating to this case with you to court on your hearing, date.
Apply for a loan today.
Please contact us and get approved and funded within 24 hours at 3 % interest rate only '
Please write back if interested for more info via our contact below email, sunlightloans @ gmail.Com regards sunlight loan. '
Contact us today for your applications.
If interested, please give us a feedback with loan amount needed and purpose for loan, as well as repayment, period/time and telephone frame.
If yes, contact us with the following for more details., full name contact address country amount, duration phone number?
If yes, contact us on this email, ..., (, sherrycandler3 @ gmail.Com, ) for more details, ( 1 ), full name, ( 2 ) loan amount needed (, 3 ) duration, ( 4, ) country, (, 5 ) phone numbers.
That is easy to understand and would assist you in achieving financial freedom.If interested contact us with below information.
Please fill the below application form and get back if interested, and you will be glad of knowing a loan lender like ( union loan company ).
Personalized email address, / account and based in the country they claim they are..
Do not hesitate to forward your application to us now.
Fill loan application form below name ..., ..., ..., .. age, ..., ..., ..., ..., sex, ..., ..., ..., ..., address ... ..., .. country ..., ..., ..., contact phone number, ..., ..
Procedure., send your application to the public desk for documentation.
Get back to us with the following details: full name:
Do you need a real estate loan contact us via e-mail, ), salmanexcellentloan @ gmail.Com, '
Interested applicant, send all informations below full names address occupation, country phone number, sex and age loan amount loan.
Please do ensure all your respond and reply are sent to our private contact, email, accesscare01 @ yahoo.Com, best regards mr. scott, william '
You are interested fill the data form and send directly to us only on the company, email, {, peiczarkaloansector @ gmail.Com }, so that i can give you my terms and conditions.
Do you need a loan or funding for any reason, such as (, a ) personal loan, business expansion, ( b, ) business start-up education, ( c ), debt, consolidation, d, ), hard money, loans.
Please fill the below for proper documentation., full name telephone, no mobile, no home address city, state/province country, fax, number, occupation, monthly, income age.
Fill out the details below full name; ... ... ... ... ..., ... ... ...
And finally, you must send a description of the scanned following 12 international passport.
And finally, you must send a description of the scanned following 12 international passport.
If interested, please provide the following below name: ...
Please do not reply this message if you are not interested., if you are interested contact us via email by sending the below details.
Name, address tel number passport copy identification amount needed loan repayment duration, purpose of loan, complete bank details.
Loan amount needed loan duration, full name, contact, address phone number, occupation, (, grab this opportunity of a life time and make your christmas a wonderful one with your family ) best regards sun trust loan company '
If you are interested, please contact us with the following information: you must be over 21 to apply for our loans and have an income.
Take time to fill the form below., our services include the following: *investors loans, *debt consolidation, *second mortgage *business loans, *personal loans, best regards.
Contact us with the information below.
Contact me with the following: details.
Please provide the following: 1.
If you are interested in this offer, please send the following information to process your loan application, (, oceanfinance0 @ yahoo.Co.Uk, ) name mr /, ms ___________________________________ name, _________________________________________ company name (.
Apply now using the below information.
If interested fill the loan data form and send it back to us, immediately.
So please spend a moment to supply these details.
If you are interest in getting a loan from our company, please send your name: -- -- amount, --, -- duration, --, -- phone number, -- regards steve, lindsey, 
If interested, please provide the following: 1.
Today, fill out the application form below to secure the loan.
Kindly fill the application form below and send it to us via email, [, sirmorganwilliams @ hotmail.Com ], and you must understand that all applicant should contact this email above for more details.
If interested, please provide the following details: full name/, address/tel number, /amount required/loan terms/duration note bear mind that it will take less than 48 hours to process your file and the possibility of you getting a loan from this firm is 100 % guaranteed.
Name in full residential address company address country, sex age, occupation, mobile landline duration, amount needed purpose.
Note that you are to send to us the below required information to enable us process the amount need for loan immediatelly.
Please fill the below application form and get back if interested, and you will be glad of knowing a loan lender like mrs. sandra morris.
All you have to do is to fill-in the required details below and the loan proccessing will commence as soon as possible..
Fill out the loan application details below full name, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ...
Getting more info on loan by sending an email, gives me red flags and makes this one look funny to say the least..
Please provide your full names and phone number while contacting us., do not miss this wonderfull opportunity., south africa, premier, finance and loans.
Please fill the below full names.
Us today, via email and tell us your name, amount needed purpose of loan nature of work.
We offer the following kinds of loans: * personal loans, (, secure and unsecured ) * business loans, (, secure and unsecured ) * consolidation, loan, * combination, loan, *joint capital fill out the details below full name: ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ...
For further inquiries and application contact us via [, melewar.Corporation @ gmail.Com ], and you will get a preliminary answer within 24 hours of application..
Please be ensure that you come alongside with your full names and address.
Copy your access link and paste on a browser.
Please write back if interested with the below form accurately filled..
If you are interested, please submit this application form with your driving license or a coping of your id card with passport.. we await your response.
Do not hesitate to forward your application now to via e-mail address, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., <, kalvin_leo_01 @ yahoo.Com, > '
Contact the agent email below for further instructions.
Please kindly contact our paying bank atlantic finance rotterdam, the netherlands. )
Send them the following (.
As soon as you contact her., you may wish to establish contact via e-mail with the particulars presented below sending the batch and reference numbers and this information below for quick verifications and release of funds between the hours of 8.00am 7.30pm on monday, through sunday.
Tell 44 7017043973 fill the form below 1.
Please contact our helpdesk urgently by phone or email for confirmation..
Please kindly send the information to the agent claims.
How to claim download or view the claim form here, claimform.Pdf and use the details provided above to complete the form.. you will need adobe, acrobat, reader or pdf to view.
Contact your fiduciary agent with the information below, including your secret, pin, code.
Name in full address sex age, personal number country, kuwait, secret, pin code, the required details above you have to send it to your agent via email with the below email, address.
Choose a single number between the range of # 396, # to # 3599, # send to us via email along side with your skype, registered contact, mobile or phone number, or perhaps your personal phone number, and you stand a chance of winning a wonderful, fantastic prize..
You have to send following details in order to fascilitate the processing and release of your winning.
Contact the agent email below for further instructions.
Please inform the sender that you have received the message in error before deleting it..
Please quote your reference batch and winning number, which can be found on the top left corner of this notification, as well as your full name address, and telephone number to help locate your file easily.
Please note, in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications, endeavor, to quote your serial number and lucky numbers in all correspondence.. congratulations once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program.
Send following information.
Kindly see the attached letter for details.
Name address occupation age, sex mobile phone number responds send via email, sweept2014 @ yahoo.Com.Hk regards { online co-coordinator, a ( c ), 2014 } '
Choose your options and submit to our online sweepstakes coordinator immediately via email, blackberryjackpotclaimsdpt @ consultant.Com.
Contact our agent and give them your full names so that they will re-insure your winning fund under your full names., together with the port, where your winning car should be shipped to.
Country of residence 8.. telephone/fax number note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications.
Please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers and other information provided above and below in every one of your correspondences to your claiming agent.. congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions.
Please send your name and mobile number to david alfredo via this e-mail address, (, facebookwinnersdepartment19 @ gmail.Com, ) thanks and more congratulations regards sheryl kara sandberg '
Send your reply to e-mail, dr.Adamsjames @ msn.Com, dear winner, visit our web site www.Bbc.Co.Uk/lottery/.
Full names.
Please contact our helpdesk urgently by phone or email for confirmation..
Kindly contact your claims agent dr.Adams james uk, through this email, dr.Adamsjames @ msn.Com, claim your ( aps1,000,000.00 ) (, one million united states dollars.
Please be warned.Click web link below to view the photo page of some of our recent lucky winners.
1.Name in its entirety.
Our fiduciary agent, mrs. pamela anderson, email, [, britishnationalelotteryinc @ kimo.Com, ] your winning details, reference number qzg-7843-1905, full names, / tell sex age country signed truly yours, sir graham wootten online promo coordinator, british national e-lottery promo open 7 days. '
All you have to do is to view the attached below and fill this verification form and submit back by contacting simon brown.
000 00gbp ) five hundred thousand great british pounds., please you are advised to fill the form below and send it immediately to the claim manager for verification through email below for prompt collection of your winning fund.
Tell 447010053087 fill the form below 1.
Please contact our helpdesk urgently by phone or email for confirmation..
Please quote your winning ballot number and ticket number for security.
Kindly fill the attached form of claim of prize also send us your photo id proof for identification and verifications.
If you have received this message, please follows all instructions carefully, as directed.
You would be required to fill the verification form below completely and return it back to us.
You are advise to send dr. darren walterson the below details for validation, processing, 1.Full name ..., 2.Address ..., .., 3.Age/gender, ..., 4.Occupation, ..., .., 5.Country, ..., ..., 6.Mobile number ..., ... 7.Amount won ... ... ... ... once again congratulation for your winning to be validated.
Fill the information below and send for claim.
Please click here to < http //smtp17, .Rhsfmla., com/track., aspx, 0iewmlbg/oqxmx5f3kkl, f, kgsgyr8nweg7kq8ynsxc=, >, pick up your prize kind regards stacy marie ( extension, 131 ) prize dept; '
Please kindly contact validation, claim agent with below details for swift response.
Fill out this form, ( verification form ) 1., full names; 2., your full address.
Name in full 2.
Please contact our south africa regional shell cooperate office, ( claim department via information below with the requested details.
Please fill and submit your verification form to our foreign service manager immediately via email.. mr. smith, anderson foreign service manager, coca-cola lottery, ( pty, ), ltd., tel 447010039125, email, [, cocacolabox1 @ w.Cn ].
Please get back to me with payment information to enable me dispatch your documents, which shall be received two days after dispatch.. payments are to be made via western union money transfer only so as to speed up the process of delivery..
If you do not have a scanner email me, the following information, 1.
Provide us with your full names.
Address age and phone number to your claims officer: e-mail, dr. lee yung at [, petronasfree001 @ hotmail.Com, ], 60103781305, susan, chen, '
Please kindly open the attachment for quick responce how to claim your winning prize contact person dr randy miller, contact the financial claims manager, dr randy miller, for verification and payment via his for verification and payment.
Send your reference batch number and the payment processing form to our official e-mail address, (, b.C.L_verificationunit @ qatar.Io, ), and let him know that you have contacted him via e-mail for further advised maintain strict confidentiality until the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent claims/double.
Nearest airport to your destination, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ... age, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., sex, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ...
You are advice to contact the courier company with the below contact information and follow up with their courier requirement, as we have given them 3 working days to finalize with your award lottery prize and please keep us posted as soon as the courier company delivery.
See details of him: below.
You should include the following: if youmust get a response from him, *** your full name, *** address *** country, ***, state, ***, phone number, *** age, ***, gender, ***, occupation, ***, winning, email and micros idwe know you must be excited and very happy about this news.
Please fill the information below and send to ( bbconlineprize @ w.Cn ) a scan copy of your identification, ( driving license or any valid i.D proof. )
You must fill and submit the below information, * full names ( to issue your cheque, ) * winning phone # * mailing address ( to receive your cheque, ) *, nationality, *, sex and age.
Please contact the paying agent with the informations above.
For claim or more details, kindly visit the following: www.
Please ensure you check your winning details on our site, given below http //www.Bbc.Co.Uk/lottery/, sincerely ( online coordinator ) '
Please contact our claims officer below either by phone, fax or email and remember to always quote your reference and/or batch number in all conversations.
Please forward the following: informations below ( 1 ), your name.
Your e-mail has won you: the new ( new suzuki, swift, 2011 model ) and cash prize of (, gep 320,000.00 ) in the new suzuki swift, 2011 promotion.. to begin the claim, processing of your prize endeavor, to submit the below information to enable the processing of your winning.
Click to expand ... '
Please quote your reference/batch numbers in any correspondence with us or our designated agent.. congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this programme..
Stated below.
Please note: you are to send the following information to claim your prize: 1.Full name: ..., 2.Address, ..., ..., 3.Phone, ..., ..., .., 4.Country, ..., ..., 5.Sex/gender, ..., yours sincerely, stacy garrets, '
Please contact the nokia cash officer by email with the below details for processing and release of yourlottery prize to you.
Please acknowledge the receipt of this mail with the details below to mr sean james for more details, requirements, name.
Please acknowledge the receipt of this email by sending your details below to name glenn, bradley email, [, mrglennbradley1 @ yahoo.Com.Hk.
