Not know when i will be out from here, as i have duly resigned my position and held by the government for not supporting bad activities and joined.
I am sick and now cant do anything due to held by government authorities.. you may have a little look over what is happening in our country, syria.
Kindly signifying your interest in this transaction.
Hence my contact with you..
I want to solicit your attention to receive funds on his behalf, considering your experience in implementing corporate solution and vast years of business intelligence and because my status would not permit me to do this alone, putting into consideration the currents.
Events in libya., if you are interested to help us on this transaction, be aware that you will be well compensated.. let me know if you can help us, so i can discuss, among other things, the security and procedures to move the fund to you as soon as possible.
Thanks sayed '
I hope my letter does not cause you too much embarrassment, as i write to you in good faith based on the contact address given to me by a friend who works at the south korean embassy in your country..
Please excuse my intrusion into your private life..
Please do not entertain any fears, as all necessary modalities are in place, and i assure you of all success and safety in this transaction.
This transaction requires absolute confidentiality and you would be expected to treat it as such until the funds are moved out of this country.
Truly yours sung ryong lee '
I do not want to talk much here like the yahoo criminal..
It would amaze you how easy your funds shall be retrieved so get back to me.
If you want me to do this for you, since i have built/designed the platform already., it is still ok if you dont need my help, but kindly let me know your position so that i do not waste my time waiting in vain..
I want to invest this money in any lucrative business in your country in any area of business.
That will be yielding increase in profit for both of us..
If you are ready, let me know for us to discuss in details..
Sometimes in life..
For security and political reasons., we want you to transfer and invest this fund in any lucrative business were tax will not take much tools..
Please do contact me immediately.
I want you to henceforth stop all forms of correspondences and communication..
Furthermore, do not pay any form of upfront payment to anybody or institution..
Hence you should, as a matter of urgency, forward the following details to enable us complete the payment process.
I will want your payment process to be concluded within 72.
Yours faithfully, sir.
We wish to inform you that we have made payment to account details.
Please confirm upon receipt of payment in your account.
Thanks., steve, buffet '
Please note that this transaction is 100 % risk free and absolute confidentiality is required for the safety of my fund.
Suggest what investment you would like us to invest on.
I will be waiting for your favourable respond..
Thank you, ( shukran ), salim fadilib, salim '
If you are not the intended recipient, please notify the sender immediately by return.
Where they can get good yield for their funds., a reserved client, whom i had personally worked with few years ago with a proposal recently approached me that he wants an individual/company that will assist him to invest the sum of ( 00.000.000.00 ).
Need your help to secure some of these funds, which i have moved out through diplomatic security means as a consignment and deposited it with a security firm in europe..
After getting your account, u will be given ads for clicking.. you have to complete the task and everyday?
U will get 1.4 $ for that task.. you will be paid on weekly basis.. all i want to know how does it work?
Aug 2012 09:07 am (.
Thank you for sharing your time to read this e-mail.. my name is steven schwartz and i work in the international research association.. our association is conducting an international survey, the results of which will be used to do the statistical analysis.
Please do not expose me after reading this email, if you are not interested in the business, i have to propose herein.
Please delete my email..
Thank you for your understanding and time.
Reply, with your full name.
I hope that you are well., i hate to bother or inconvenience you.. my name is sergio and i am from portugal..
Since they say the internet is the number one platform for opportunity and meeting potential business partners.
If you are business, minded and ready to expand your financial growth.
Meanwhile, i wanted to travel to america to get the funds myself, but my doctor advice against it that, due to my present state of health, i cannot make such a long distance trip.
I was told to provide an account in the america or someone to receive the funds on my behalf., please let me know if you can received the funds on my behalf and forward to me, as this does not require any form of expertise or expenses from your end.
Please note: i am not asking any money from you.
I wish to inform you now that the square peg is now in square hole and can be voguish for that.
Also note that, from our record, your outstanding winning payment is valued, 10,000.00 usd (, nine hundred and ten thousand us dollars.
Yours sincerely, sandra kohl, publicity secretary '
Greetings, i wish to bring to your notice my interest in funding and partnership with you in this great business opportunity/venture..
Bestway head office, abbey road park, royal london, nw10 7bw, www.Bestwaygroup.Com, email, [, bestwaygroupventures6 @ gmail.Com, ] mobile 447031909998, fax, 7023084673, '
I just retire from active, serve and want to go into investment in a very lucrative sector of any country economy that is doing well and from my wide consultation.
Based on your impeccable profile.
I would also want to know if we can invest in your existing business establishment for maximum profitability.
Please note that the investment capital is totally free from drugs, money, laundry, terrorism or ammunition, and it has no criminal origin..
Acknowledge this message by return mail and inform me once the lawyer contacts you.
Please note that this transaction is 100 % risk free and absolute confidentiality is required for the safety of my fund.
Suggest what investment you would like us to invest on.
21/03/2012, i am steven ojo an auditor to first ban k plc.
Cannot handle such huge transfer alone without an international partner.
I know you might be hearing what is happening in my country presently..
Website of the event, ( http //webcache.Googleusercontent.C, ..., 8 and hl=en and ct=clnk and gl=za and source=www.Google.Co.Za ).
I will give you all information you may need.
As soon as i see your eagerness towards the transaction., i want you to send to me the requested below information as soon as you agree to complete the deal with me.
And keep all information of the transaction confidential.
Please, if interested, do kindly get back to me for more details..
Thank you. '
I would like to know if you have any projects in your country involving large volume of funds for which you seek finance to facilitate..
Please note that all correspondences would be made and promptly reported to me.
The position is part time.. you must also have regular internet access.. you are also hired on a trial basis for now until we are able to see how well you fit in.
How to apply =====================================================================
========= method of application is through email.
Seventeen million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) into your account..
Incidental to the transfer..
The transfer is risk free on both sides..
I would like to establish some sort of business relationship, which is definitely going to be of mutual benefit to both of us..
I want you to do me a favour to receive these funds to a safe account in your country or any safer place as the beneficiary..
I want to come over to your country for the safety of my life from the hands of this wicked assassinsaeur ( tm ).
Write to request your co-operation in our desire to get a reliable foreign contact.
I want you to help me receive this box so that i can come and start a new life over there in your country..
Please bear with me for now and do not ask my name..
Please grant me the benefit of doubt and hear me out..
Note that your payment file submitted to trust bank ghana in question is 0.5million u.S dollars..
Contact me for details. '
/ claims department.. you have to email this office in receipt of this email because it is very necessary.
You have to inform this office either or not.
Please delete this message if received in error and advise the sender by return, e-mail.
Accept our congratulations. '
Let me know immediately dear its a pleasure to be in contact with you.
Please write me for possible investment.
I have some amount of money which i want to invest in a long term.
I have a valuable business proposal from a client of mine from libya who has interest in relocating into your country, and he wanted me to solicit for partnership on his behalf to engage in a business relationship based on the following plans.
3.. you will also buy a multi story: complex building for commercial purpose.
On his behalf., your commission will be 10 % of every invested sum.. you must give us a proposal for other investment profiles.
Contact me for more details..
Please bear with us.
Find below attached message for full details read and respond immediately.. dear sir, may i crave your indulgence to open this business discussion with a formal letter of this sort.
Please bear with us., sir.
Please contact me for further details..
Regards smart anderson, direct telephone 44=7035=908100 '
Political analysts believe the kremlin wants to ensure khodorkovsky and platoon.
Note if youve received this email - and you are not interested - then destroy it without copying using or telling anyone bout its contents.
Please for the security of my family.
Received from user ( [ 61.164.40.151 ] ) ( authenticated bits=0 ) by mail.Buenoeco.Comclick to expand ... '
Please hello!
While i shall come down to meet you for necessary investment, as may be suggested by you.. you should kindly let me know your percentage as we will be ready to share whatever percentage for your assistance..
If this proposal interest you, please contact me immediately via email for further details and do that this transaction is legal and risk free but deserves utmost confidentiality...
Thank you and may almighty allah bless you.
I want to solicit your person to partner with me in business..
This process is the airlifting of consignment from one country to another via a diplomatic means of delivery..
I found out that this consignment has been lying here because you could not settle cost for shipment fees..
Acknowledge the receipt of this e-mail immediately, so that i can provide more details of the company in charge in your country to enable you confirm when your consignment will arrive..
I choose to do this for you because you may have paid a lot of money before abandoning this consignment and i believe you will compensate me well when you receive the consignment.
This is why i decided to get involved.. you must also know that this arrangement does not involve any of the people you were dealing with in the past, because this consignment/payment has been surrendered to the government..
Christian caman., national security/diplomatic warehouse london, england received from 127.0.0.1 ( ehlo fpc.Com.Cn ), ( 61.143.60.146 ) click to expand ... '
Saves me the trouble of looking them up.
Please this letter must remain secret.
And please because of my previous position in the government.
Please be patient..
Thank you for your continued support and solidarity towards the finalisation of our pending transaction.
At this point, i wish to state explicitly that i no longer require any financial contributions from you anymore.
Once again, thank you for your continued support and understanding..
Please consider this proposal seriously and handle with utmost confidentiality.
Please, in the interest of confidentiality, only reply through my direct email, address.
I want to know if you would you be able to supply your products as a contractor supplier towards the project rebuild iraq 2011.. you may contact me for further details.
You have to reconfirm the following information so as to ensure that i am dealing with the right person.
My duties are to source for credible business opportunities in from ac cross the world, evaluate the potentials and forward them to his consortium for financing..
Solomon marro '
I represent mr zhang chunjiang vice chairman and an executive director of china mobile limited in hong kong..
Please note that this must be concluded within two weeks..
Please write back promptly..
If you think you are good in any of the mentioned business sector.. kindly contact me for possible business, co-operation., regards., salem ghandourah investment coordinator kingdom holdings, company.
May be.
I do not want to go into much detail..
But you must be very sincere and agree to my points and conditions.
You have to admit that you will give me 40 % of this fund.
You will not discuss my involvement in this transaction with any body.. you must cooperate with me in normalizing all issues in your file here and i will channel this payment to you in a very sure way..
If you agree to these points, then get back to me so that i get into action.
You will be given 30 % of the total amount, 70 % will be for me.. let me know if you can handle it.
( cash flow notes, ), contract for deeds and promissory notes, with good title and clear profile.. she is also a subscriber of stocks/bonds in major oil companies in west texas, bolsa chica, california, colorado arkansas, all in the united states and also in other companies around europe.
Therefore, we are seeking your participation in this program, thus save re-finance, payoff previous loans settle all pending financial commitments, expand your business, hire more staff and so on..
Thank you faithfully stan c. landof iii associate partner and coordinator private investment and financial resource program, ( pifrp, ), landof enterprise, london, united kingdom ___________________________.
Thank you for your prompt response..
However, you must understand that we do not require anything from you in order to get your loan approved..
In its quest to battle the menace of unemployment., we do not hope to solve this all in one day.
Please note that we are not into this for making a huge profit, but to help businesses out there..
Please be informed that we have just a limited space for consideration, even though the number of request we have received so far has out-numbered our available quota..
Thank you and have a nice day.
2010, compliment of the season, although you might be apprehensive about my email as we have not met before., i am sorry to encroach into your privacy in this manner.
.Please do accept my sincere apologies if my mail does not meet your personal ethics..
48 ) hrs.
Have a great day.
Yours faithfully, sir fanadez gomez.
We have been mandated by the ecowas parliament to issue out 8.5million as part payment for this year 2010.. also for your information, you have to stop any further communication with any other person.
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( consgnment t1313 ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the diplomatic means center by using it as your subject.
Wait for your expedite response.
Yours in service, samuel, kelson, '
I want your partnership with me in order to finish a transaction worth 9.5m usd and transfer to your country for investment.
So please, let me know if you will be so kind to accept my offer fully.
If interested, please respond to me with your details.
But i am telling you this based on my believe, as person who does not like evil or cheating and would not like to be called for explanation.
I believe that any man/woman is my brother/sister, according to my believe, irrespective of where you must have come from, we are same human being..
Portrayed him to be your lawyer..
I must inform you that the officers involved are always in communication with you, so you should stop talking with them and do not tell them that you are waiting for the transfer., since we have an evidence at hand, hereby advised you to contact the authorized.
He is the final stone that breaks the camelaeur ( tm, ) s back.. my advice to you, based on this information, is that you should boldly call mr. frederic pellegrim the lawyer at the security and finance company on his direct telephone number or email address..
He might want to know how come you got his direct email.
You can tell him anything (, please, don t quote me ), but insist that he should help you in making sure your payment is done and for more clarification or to ensure him that you really knows what you are saying quote the following code: no fgn/pmg/cbn- x342xtw2009.
Under category c, i.E.
Your code (, please, this information is classified ).
Cane green '
Please consider this proposal seriously and handle with utmost confidentiality.
I want to know if you can allow me, invest my money in your company as your partner., i have been into real estate business for many years until my recent retirement, following my doctors advice for me, to avoid any form of stress because of my failing health..
Please tell me: can you invest my money for me?
Email, [, saravuth @ nationalsecuritywarehouse.Co.Cc, ], (, private ), [, narin.Saravuth @ gmail.Com, ] re diplomatic delivery of your consignment, dear consignor., following the resolution of the board to decongest the warehouse before the end of this month as regularly done.
I therefore want to let you know of my concluded arrangement to ship your consignment/funds to your country.
I found out that this consignment has been lying here because you could not settle cost of shipment.. that is why i decided to use my position as the shipping officer in charge of this organization to convey this consignment to your country.
Acknowledge the receipt of this e-mail immediately so that i can provide more details of the company in charge in your country to enable you confirm when your consignment will arrive..
I choose to do this for you because you may have paid a lot of money before abandoning this consignment and i believe you will compensate me when you receive the consignment.
So i took very good observation of the consignment.. that is why i decided to get involved.. you must also know that this arrangement does not involve any of the people you were dealing with in the past, because this consignment was abandoned and hence surrendered to the government.
Let me know this..
Regards cs date: wed 16 sep 2009 from [, samglag @ yahoo.Com, ], subject: dear ... .. from barrister, johnson imo.
Sequel to my mail to my mail of today.
With my name as stated clearly in my id card and international passport.
Beware of this email.!
Wrote by [, sandra_chio99 @ yahoo.Cn, ] good day..
So with my position as the bank casher/accountant consider it done effectively because i will cover it up and the bank will agreed to transfer it to you immediately as the right beneficiary of the funds.
This is 100 % real, save and risk free, because the bank have no knowledge and it can not be trace once this fund is move out of the country to you as soon as possible.
Yours faithfully, miss.
See below.
I want your cooperation for a project.
Investment in your country..
Please email me for more detail.
Please reply to this e-mail address to indicate your interest.
Anymore.. all you need do is reach the compensation, agent.
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to the markjones at the finance house on your behalf.
However, i want you to contact him immediately as soon as you receive this, because he will be leaving soon on a very long vacation, as he didnt have any for the past three years.
Dear friend, i wish to inform you of my interest to establish a successful business relationship with you to interchange services in assisting each other.
In our diverse business/investments interests in our various countries., i am a freelancer that is interested in investment research institutions and i wish to undertake the services of assisting companies and individuals to satisfactorily meet the needs of their capital investment abroad..
In this view, i wish to solicit for your assistance to explore investment opportunities in your country in areas of real estate, development, timber, tourism or investing in your company..
Therefore, i wish to inform you that we move down the fund to correspondent paying bank at america and advise you to contact the principel payment officer below information contact person.
Take note that bank of america, we give you an idea on how the fund in question to release under your custody will get to you within 48 hours due to the problem with international monetary fund, (, imf ).
Note that your funds have been packaged like a consignment, while the forex allocation payment will move down to your state by (.
Boa ) agency.
Please permit me to introduce my self to you.
I want you to know that i have all the necessary documents in relation to this fund deposited by my late father in the bank.
Thank you for being there for me.
Im walting for your respounding soonest best regard silverline '
Note this payment was directed to be made available in your name, and you can only pay them 50.00 as to enable the purchasing of your inheritance file to prevent illegal transfer of your funds.
Please do not forget to update me as soon as you receive this two payment.
Reply-to <, siryemifaseun @ hotmail.Com, > from sir yemi faseun, <, yemifaseun @ sify.Com, >, subject dear beloved date, fri 13 mar 2009.
Thanks yours faithfully, mr. yemi faseun '
Therefore, contact the company immidiately to know when they will arrive in your country with your box.
My dear accept the security keeping fee of 8 per day, all the money and document regarding the delivering of your box has been paid and handed over to d.H.L courier company therefore call the director and confirm their arrival date as your send their fee.
Contact them immidiately.
As we await your swift, response.
Note that all risk involvement were carefully taken care of before contacting you and only your matured.
I need an experienced person like you to assist me to set up develop the project.
E.B.Governor ) and you before the commencement of the project..
Please contact me at my private.
Subject your bank draft us50,000.00 date sun, 18, jan 2009 greetings.
Phone number request for the tracking number of the package to enable you track and know when it will get to your address.
Contact the agent immediately.
So i want you to assist me transfer this money into your account as my partner, so that we can invest this money in in your country.
1.Real estate ( huge potentional, ), 2.Education, institution., 3.Hotel, industry., 4.Textile, industry.
Thank you in advice and make sure you respond.
Oto obong uwem, a native of a country called benin republic located in west africa.
Two son and one girl - i am 69 year of age.. my reason of writing you, this mail is that i want you or your company to help me stand as the original beneficiary of the amount three and fifty million us dollars.
I will also put this across to you that presently i am still functioning in government of such that i will not want any form of exposing this transaction.
If this letter bring sense to you, kindly get back to me for immediate action to be taken with immediate effect.
Await for your urgent response.
Thank you.
Please endeavor, to quote your awarded: pin numbers ( u-777-1815 d-01-47 ).
Regards scott '
Time - is not much on our side and any further delaying might jeopardize.
What i have arranged for the past 2 months now only needs a foreigner like you before it can completely concluded, and i fully know it will change our entire lives to better..
Please try this time to get back to me for details..
I will appreciate it very much.. my private phone number is above call me if you think we can work together so that we can go over the details.
Yours truly, mr steve sunday, tel 233248800027 '
I am in hong kong now with the sum of sixteen million five hundred thousand us dollars, which i would like to invest in your country.
If i go back to japan, because i did not finish the contract, i hope you can understand my situation and assist me to invest this money properly.
As a guardian of this fund, since i am only 20 years and to make arrangement for me to come over to your country, to further my education and to secure a resident permit in your country, while you will be take care of investing this money..
Days you signify interest to assist me., anticipating to hear from you soon.
Permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you.
Before the death of my father on 24th febuary 2007 in a private hospital here in abidjan.
I want you to contact the global speed courier company limited to know when they will deliver your package..
Only money you have to send to them is the insurance fee, which is 5.00 us dollars to received your package.
Let me know as soon as you receive your package and check the contents weather the complete of the total .5,000 000.00 regards barr.
Nelson udo, (, esq ) '
Reply now --.
I have tried to shift it to asia as i want to invest in south east asia or any other part of asia with this fund, with the help of a partner from asia., but unfortunately, the person [ my partner ].
I want you to stand now as the receiver/claimer and receive this fund.
While i will be travelling down to your country.I will compensate you with theb 15 % of the fund as soon as it is in your possession..
Regards suleman w. idris '
Note that you will take care of the clearance charge over there.
Finally confirm your willingness and capability to offset the clearance cost as soon the consignment arrived.
Yours faithfully, sir.
We are not going to pay anybody with fake document, and we assure you that your loosed money will surely be recovered for you.But, be informed that you must be prepared to pay for a compulsory fee of 75 only for assurrance/issuance fee..
Please consider this proposal seriously and handle with utmost confidentiality the information i have provided you with here., if you are in a position to assist, then get back to me immediately on my below email account.
Please give me your response immediately by return.
That my office want to transfer to our correspondent office in belgium.. all effort to off this fire prove abortive till the building burnt to collapsed.. none of our staff or officer knows that the ( 45.5million dollars ) is in my possession.
After our office, conclude their investigation on what may cause the fire problem.
We are all suspected, but there is know, trace of this money immediately.
What i told the security and vault company that is inside the trunk box, i brougt to their company, is jewelries and costumes accessories belonging to a foreign investor for security reason..
Very much so feel free and get in touch with my secretary mr.
Please do let me know immediately.
Finally, remember that i had left instruction to my secretary.
With best regards mr. steve williams. '
I have also made necessary arrangements on how you would be paid, which would be via a bank to bank wire.
If they see the account provide, is a companys account and not personal account.
Se 5uf phone number 447946358516, kindly be informed that as we speak and negotiate with you, we are also into negotiations simultaneously with some other sellers on another equipment waiting to hear from us.
When you should expect funds, then i will contact you asap.
Hope to hear from you.
Do you want to broaden the horizon of your enterprise ...?
Again, dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 75.00us dollars.. our company would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and, in case of demurrage.
Sometimes in life..
Extend my warmest regards to your family..
Thank you and god bless you.
If you would be interested kindly contact me for more information.
Shande manatunga '
They want the funds to be invested through a well-established businessman abroad who can front for them without disclosing their true identity.
2.. all that is required is your willingness to invest this money for them in a highly lucrative business venture under strict, profitable monitoring.
Please i seek for your genuine assistance.
I know this mail will come to you as a surprise, since we have not had previous correspondance, please bear with me..
But meanwhile you should not allow any other person to know about this money.
Since my late father did not disclose it with any body, rather do they know about the valuable documents..
Please do keep this only to your self.
Nice day. '
In my position in the office in govt., which i want to confind in you and with your cooperation claim for onward.
Investment under your care..
If interested, kindly contact me via email.
Please more than 100 people have been killed in clashes between arab tribes, over land and scarce resources in sudans, war-torn darfur region.
The rezeigat used assault rifles and machineguns mounted on pick up vehicles in the attack, adding that terjem men responded and a gunfight ensued that lasted several hours.
I have arrived abidjan through the help of some rebels and need your help and support to continue my travel to togo being were the security company is located to see if this is valid.
Possible., please.
As soon as you notify your interest., i hope to read from you.
Thank you. '
However, if you are a victim of such a crime or scam to please contact us through our e-mail, stating your case or ordeal to us, which will be handle very confidential and with great attention, we will then evaluate your case for free of charge and advice.
You on the best ways to recover your stolen money from the criminals and as well putting them to jail where the suppose to belong.. we can assists you through the following ways: 1 ), by identifying the real identity of the perpetrators through our in-depth investigations.
Regarding this scam committed against you, so do not be afraid to look for your stolen money.
You should take a decisive action by sending an e-mail to us immediately with your ordeal or case so that we can assist you by giving you the best advice that will solve your case and as well work for you to obtain justice.
God bless.. mr sameul otule chief operation officer crime combats securities inc. '
Therefore, i want you to contact.
Let them know that is money that is in that box..
We have concluded that you must compensate us with 00,000 united states dollars as soon as you receive your money.. to this effect, you will send us a promissory note for 00,000 united states dollars, along with your address, for sending the boxes by courier..
Please maintain topmost secrecy, as it may cause a lot of problems if found out that we are using this way to help.
Note that you are going to take care of the cost of delivery of this package to your designation, since we cannot deduct any money from the principal fund since it has been insured.
Regards mr samson, edward, head of credit and transfer central bank of nigeria, '
Approached me through my dear wife, who works with the federal ministry of finance and requested me to assist them conclude a money transfer deal they had with you.
I need your assurance that those your colleagues will be totally keep out of this transaction.
Forward.. also note that, in order to achieve a hitch, free and successfully transaction, we must commit ourselves 100 % in securing for whatever cost or fee.
Your nigerian partners approached me that they want to present you as a beneficiary of this fund, as it was an over-invoicing made when transferring contract funds into various bank accounts abroad..
I want to re-emphasis to you that the fund of which you are the rightful beneficiary as acclaimed is still with cbn and under my control.
I want to enter into real business with you on a sincere agreement, since your partners have disappointed me and the fund is still floating in your name, waiting for a proper documentation and claim.
1.. on an agreement, i assure you that i will transfer the funds.
As reported by the central bank of nigeria security department..
This is for my own safety and for the security of the funds., because they will not get this fund and also on no account must you let them know of my contact with you..
Please reply.
Executive, governor central bank of nigeria, ( cbn ) '
Please confirm this information.. did you ask mr edmond beneker from usa to claim your funds valued at us.5 million from the central bank of nigeria?
As matter of urgency, get back to me immediately before things will get wrong.
Below is the account details of mr edmond beneker, where he want us to transfer your fund into name on account.
Accredited diplomat.
( 2 ) atm card payment.
Note carefully that the content of the box are your total contract value, but the cbn did not disclose the content to the courier services.
Congratulations and remain blessed..
Sincerely sanus inamido c. b .N head banking operations.
Please be equally advised that no security company in africa can handle your payment / inheritance fund with any bank without the instructions of the central bank of nigeria.
I can assure you that this may last for years, yet noting happen.
To sum it up, i wish to assure you that with my position here in the telex department, i can accomplish this under five working days., but we have reach an agreement.
First of all you have to.
Let me know how much you will give me at the consummation of this deal.
Thank god, everything is getting better as i am about to be release from jail, and the central bank has re-call me back to work to take back my position after much investigation was famed up and jail..
Please stop whatever you doing with any body as i am coming back to start, were we stop.
Yeah a true genius.
Date, thu 29 apr.
If i do this, because if i dont run away from this country after i made the transfer, i will be seriously in trouble and my life will be in danger., please.
You may not understand it because you are not a nigerian..
But i am telling you this based on my believe, as person who does not like evil or cheating and would not like to be called for explanation.
I believe that any man/woman is my brother/sister, according to my believe, irrespective of where you must have come from, we are same human being..
Portrayed him to be your lawyer..
 
I must inform you that the officers involved are always in communication with you, so you should stop talking with them and do not tell them that you are waiting for the transfer, since we have an evidence at hand, hereby advised you to contact the authorized.
C.B.N security and finance company in tema accra, ghana, whom are in control of your payment and the approved lawyer attached to the security and finance company in the name of mr. eric holmes, and explain everything to him as your file was sent to him on the 6th.
May 2009, and when contacting the lawyer, quote your file reference number a010-2009.
He is the final stone that breaks the camelaeur ( tm, ) s back.. my advice to you based on this information, is that you should boldly call mr.Eric holmes.
You can tell him anything (, please, don t quote me ), but insist that he should help you in making sure your payment is done and for more clarification or to ensure him that you really knows what you are saying quote the following code: no fgn/pmg/cbn- x342xtw2009.
Under category c, i.E.
If you had not authorized the change of your bank account in respect of your outstanding payment, therefore notify us immediately.. as the notification / declaration was supported with a sworn affidavit from lagos.
Immediately.. you have to be rest assured that i will do everything within my capacity to successfully actualize the quick transfer of your fund to any of your nominated bank account..
Make sure you call me immediately, you receive this message so that i will direct you on how to get your fund.
I will be going to the court of appeal with the information above once you must have re-confirmed them legally, so that your details will be endorsed back as the rightful beneficiary so that we will be able to pay you your fund.
I hope you understand me..
Call me immediately.
Attn, dear beneficiary, payment notice of your funds.. may you remain favoured..
I am ( mr. sheu danlandi ), the rightful director of the international remittance department of the central bank of nigeria, ( cbn ), and i am also the executive chairman of e.C.D.R..
2.Mobile, or telephone number and fax number ( for regular official contact, ) 3.Amount, which you lost previously.
For verification, vetting and immediate payment., your name is among the list of beneficiaries, released for verification and immediate payment., be informed that there are different accounts submitted for payment by your local representatives.
Note that we are bound to recognize mr. aurthur g.Pochers claim if you fail to promptly respond to this inquiry following the deed of assignment.
They wanted to use this strategy to transfer a huge amount of money which they accumulated through inflated contract awards and the money have been floating in the cbn since then.
Therefore, they wanted to use your account to transfer the inflated amount out of nigeria.. we agreed that once i do this, they would give me us00,000.00 and another us00,000.00 when i release the fund to your account.
They are simply wicked and do not know where their problem lies.. now, if you want us to work together, these are my conditions, a ).
C. ), as you have seen, it will be useless and a more waste of time and money if you continue with any other person, so it is better.
Subject: re hello, dear hello, dear, my name is sister, mrs lynn, smith, and i am in contact with you here because of something i feel you should know about.
I know that this might come to you as a surprise, but i am telling you the truth.. what i want to tell you is about the contract/inheritance payment of a foreign engineer, who was a contractor with the federal government of nigeria, though late.
I want to say that there have been delays which prevented him from receiving his contract sum: totaling usd8.8m {, eight million eight hundred thousand united state dollars only }, which was his rightful payment from the last contract he executed for the federal government before his untimely death..
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( atm-gold ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it as your subject.
We wish to gladly inform you that funds has finally been appropriated, ready for transfer., having tried to contact you with no luck.
Simply comply strictly with the above instructions, and as soon as your information is received, it will be sent directly to dr don miginis for evaluation and to liaise with you for a prompt transfer of your funds.
For this singular payment purpose, you should contact (.
P.O box.
5,000.00 ), fifteen thousand us dollars per transaction..
Your address where you want the payment centre to send your atm card.
Do not hesitate to contact me for more details and direction..
Please dont mention my name.
I had one idea that never changed in my mind that you should use your wealth to help people and i have decided to secretly give usd .9 million to randomly selected individual worldwide.
You should count yourself as the lucky individual..
Kindly get back to me at your earliest convenience.
Li ka-shing., www.Li ka-shing.Com, '
We, the management, alwaleed foundation, wants to duly notify you that you have been short-listed, decide board of trustees as one of the final beneficiaries to receive the total sum of ,000,000.00 us dollars.
Alwaleed foundation, was established in 2003.. we began offering this donation grant for the only goal of human development and womens empowerment and community.
I wish to make a donation to you for charity purpose.
Thank you and am waiting to hear from you immediately and attachment is id card.
If i reach you, as i am hopeful.
Uk ) google.Org gives back google, google foundation, 1600 amphitheater parkway mountain view.
Uk ) via e-mail to gfondgrants2016 @ gmail.Com, v, full names, v, id number v, age, v, marital status, v, occupation, v, mobile number, v, currently/nationality v, current residential address upon recipient of the above required details and electronic correlation.
Note successful candidates all over the globe will be contacted through the googles regional/zonal office in their continent.
If i reach you, as i am hopeful.
Note you may have received this message in your spam or junk folder depending on your web host '
Contact me via email at (.
Thank you. '
Since you have been selected amongst others, you should contact the saudi environmental society.
Note that this is a grant and therefore it should be use only for the purpose for which it was meant.
Dr saleh, mohammed board member europe professor.
Please support our youth and adults and children who suffer from anythings.
For this ramadan mouth, i would like to thank you for considering this opportunity to partner with us to give food and drink and koran.
Thank you. '
Uk charitable trust.
If you are not the addressee, you may not copy forward, disclose or use any part of this mail.
Endeavour to provide a working phone number.
Please note: this grant is strictly administered by the toyota manufacturing uk charitable trust.. you are to keep this whole information confidential until youve collected your cash grant, as there have been many cases of unqualified or double claiming due to beneficiaries.
On behalf of the toyota manufacturing uk charitable trust board, accept our congratulations.
Your email address was selected randomly from over 100,000 internet websites or a shops cash invoice around your area in which you might have purchased something from..
Included in this letter, is your donation pin number to be used when claiming your donation., your donation pin number is 21556770665477..
Please contact mr. frank, obehi immediately..
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
We humbly want to bring to your notice and call for your immense support to massive 8.9/9.0 magnitude.
Salvation army national corp have been working hard to see how to raise help to these pandemics situation.. we humbly hope for your support and strongly believe you can save a life.
Add to japan, earthquake and tsunami.
I want to contribute, e.G amount, usd.
You must enter donation amount.. you must enter a valid dollar amount.. you must enter a minimum 00 amount.
Please delete the information and notify the sender by return.
Ref no g8/eu/25532/07g.
Note endeavour to quote your qualification numbers: (: g8-222-6747: eu-900-56 ) in all correspondence.. all information is strictly confidential and will only be used for the purpose to which it is been requested.. on behalf of the board, kindly accept our warmest congratulations.
Phone number4 gender5.
We hope to read from you: soonest.
Remember, nothing is too small and, as you give the good lord will bless you in every area of your life..
Please reconfirm your information in our custody.
Please do bear in mind.
I repeat, you would be required an account activation fee of.
Please do disregard this email.. once you activate your account, these organisation assures you that no further fee would be required of you for whatever, because we are registered to w.B and i.M.F monetary unit., oncemore congratulation.. mr. sam perez., acting secretary queen elizabeth foundation, '
If possible, ) the pime foundation was formed as a cooperative and strongly believes in the cooperative principles..
From imiliwaha, as their goal is to bring hope to children by providing proper education in the classrooms.
What specific blessings in our life have deepened our relationship and discipleship with god, 2.
God appears in a bright cloud and reveals jesus as his beloved son.. how have i responded to the good news?
Are we afraid, has the gospel transformed our words and actions, making us better disciple 3..
Bringing hope and joy not fear to all current small christian community members to all those who used to belong to a small christian community and to all those who want to know more about small christian communities.
Please help us as we attempt to build one or more classroom in this school as we need your assistance.
( process at your bank ), you will be collecting these donation then and be forwarding them to us., and for this service we agree to pay you 10 % percent of each amount.
So know that doing this work is safe and legitimate..
I hope we can count on you all as members of our local community to help this cause in whichever way you feel best, you can help this mission.
Please do not hesitate to send a reply to this.
E-mail., thank you for your support and god.
Stella johnson, st. elizabeth seton parish, imiliwaha, tanzania '
Where many companies are closing and families have lost their homes and means of livelihood.
If you have never had a mercedes-benz.
Apart from the comfortability and efficiency of our products.
Reply, asap., e-mail, <, oxfam_25 @ yahoo.Gr >.
Thank you.
Endeavour to quote your qualification number ( og/n231/e101/bdb ).
Please permit me to write you, irrespective of the fact we have not met before..
Order/ certified cashiers check, which we find very difficult to cash whenever we are in any developing countries with high population of motherless and sick children, and this is where we need your assistant and service.. what do we need you for at this point?
We will be glad if you could work with us as our representative in the usa.. you will be working as our payment assistant in charge of collecting and processing the payments from our various donors., since they will be making the payment via money order/ certified cashiers check.
Deduct 10 %, which will be your percentage/pay on payment processed.
.May god, almighty bless.
Note to file for your claim.
Kindly accept our warmest congratulations., any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification.
The fidelity uk foundation would like to notify you that you have been chosen by the board as one of the final recipients of a cash grant/donation for your own personal, educational and business.
Please note that these donations/grants are strictly administered by the un.
==========================================, full name resident, address state country, sex date of birth occupation, tel ==========================================, on behalf of the board, kindly accept our warmest congratulations.
Regards susan bunn, ( foundation, programme manager, ) '
We wish to announce to you the release of your 920.000 euros on the banco santander foundation in collaboration with terra foundation.
Please contact our payment department.
Mon 30 nov 2009 registered charity sc033287.
Please contact mr. connal cochrane.
The fidelity uk foundation would like to notify you that you have been chosen by the board as one of the final recipients of a cash grant/donation.
Please note that these donations/grants are strictly administered by the un, in collaboration with other international institutions and organizations such as the world bank, oecd, the ilo, the european investment bank and unesco.. you are advised to keep this whole information confidential.
==========================================, full name resident, address state country, sex date of birth occupation, tel ==========================================, on behalf of the board, kindly accept our warmest congratulations.
Regards shelia morgan, ( foundation, program manager, ) '
Un world, grant dept '
Proceedure with the following contact information and make sure you include this ticket number sghp-50936272.
Let s me introduce my self.
So he decide that he want to invest the money in foreign country only..
Hope to hear from you in a soonest time.
Respond for claims.
E-900-56 ), please note that your qualification numbers falls within our european booklet representative office in europe..
Thank you and accept my hearty congratulations.
29635. '
Thank you for your time.
Kindly accept our warmest congratulations: yours faithful ly, mrs sophia simpson., ( foundation, officer, ), '
Spain would like to notify you that you have been chosen by the board of trustees as one of the final recipients of a cash grant/donation for your own personal, educational and business development.
Kindly note that you will only be chosen to receive the donation once, which means that subsequent yearly donation will not get to you.
Take time and thought in spending the donation wisely on something that will last you a long time.
Based on the random selection exercise of internet websites and millions of supermarket cash invoices worldwide.
Note that all beneficiaries, email addresses were selected randomly from over 100,000 internet websites or a shops cash invoice around your area in which you might have purchased something from ).
Please note that the eu uno strictly administers these donations/grants.. you are by all means, hereby advised to keep this whole information confidential until you have been able to collect your donation.
On behalf of god, the uno and the eu accept our warmest congratulations.. may god bless you with this donation.
Donations/aid.. ( note that all beneficiaries, email addresses, were selected randomly from over 100,000 internet websites or a shop\\s cash invoice around your area in which you might have purchased something from ).
Dont, be the scammed '
If you have received this communication in error, please notify usimmediately by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer..
Thank you. '
Number cw/491oxi/04 batch number 12/25/0304 ticket number, 564, 75600545-188 serial number 5388/02.
Method of selection.
Please note that this is not a lottery program.
To file for your claim, please contact your assigned fiduciary agent.
Remember: all funds must be claimed not later than 10th of july.
Please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications.
Furthermore, should there be any change of addresses, do inform our agent as soon as possible.
We do restore them back through the use of our highly effective products, be it us dollars, pounds sterling euro or any local currencies.
You must not pay for materials used for services, but the company will have to deduct money on 0 percentage at the completion of your job..
Assay report 6.
You would now purchase the products from the dealer who i used to buy from and supply to.
You would sell to our new purchasing manager.
Then we share the profit.. you are entitle to a higher share of the profit as the facilitator, 70 % for you and 30 % for me..
Thank for your co-operation and i wait for your email of mail address below best regards sir johnson ade. '
Cif delivery to buyer choice of refinery via our central bank here in guinea for 13 months after buyer, must have successfully completed the purchase of our 175kg.
Find attached.
Skype, ooopetrogaz attachment application/pdf, ci dip pay, (, fob, ) soft corporate offer.Pdf obshchestvo s, ogranichennoi otvetstvennostiu, petrogaz, ooo petrogaz office address russia.
Herein for the below products on fob, (, ci dip, pay, ) basis, 1.
Quantity, 300.000, bbl, max., quantity, 2.500.000, bbl price 2, gross/ 6 net per bbl; 7., liquefied petroleum gas, (, lpg, ), gost; 20448-90 min.
Mt 103.
Seller issues, commercial invoice, (, ci, ) and mou alongside ncnda/imfpa.
As per the commercial invoice, ci.
They have 110kgs of gold in their possession, which they want to sell at give a way price and relocate out of mali to asia for establishment and a new life..
Let us take it very easy and clear if your buyer cannot pay the 7 % to ship the entire 82kg at a time, then let us work on 25kg to 50kg on first shipment.
Need a forma letter from buyer requesting loan to finance the purchase and shipment of the gold.
Contact us for more information. '
Please confirm your interest if you are willing to purchase our gold bars so that we will send you our fco with our registration.. we would like to hear positively from you.
Take it to the refinery and use it to produce gold chains.
The amount used to buy the gold here in africa and all expenses on refining and turning it to this products compared to the amount it will be sold is very, very high.. that is why it has a very high profit margin..
If you want to sell the raw gold directly to manufacturers of products, then you have profit of 0,000 or 2,000 per kg..
Using the raw gold to produce products has the highest profit margin, as the manufactures does.
As you can make close to 0,000 per kg., you can sell gold ring of 1kg for 0,000 and you bought it for $ 32,000 per kg, including the manufacturing cost.. can you see the difference.?
Dear sir, thank you for your mail and l have been able to negotiate our village local miners.
Kindly see below for our cif delivery.
Segu. '
I would like to advertise a business proposal in the precious mineral circle.
You may contact us .We look forward to serving you.
Gen mr. youssouf, konte djenne village, gold, miniers association, ( dvgma, ), konteyoussouf @ gmail.Com, skype, konte.Youssosf, oovoo id konteyoussouf, tel:00223, 63, 85, 28, 86. '
We are ready to deliver the gold in any where you want it to be delivered without any problem.
Please kindly confirm your interest waiting to hear from you very urgent..
Aurum utalium metal.
A month contract with you or such a buyer after he or she must have successfuly, buy this 33kg trial delivery in the usa..
Seller want to deliver his parcel to his custom agent office.
At these 3 countries and does not sell or deliver through brinks or malca amit, kindly advise if you have an end buyer to take these offers as soon as possible.
Please kindly contact me if you have interest.
Find contact.
Make sure that all the 2 million barrels is completely sold to the end buyers and also ensure that our commissions is directed to your companys banking co-ordinates as the license holder..
Regards solomon, enoch, '
Brodock tradeviewpoint inc, '
( c ) validate pop dip (, if required, ) lift and pay '
Please contact us for details.
Hello, can someone tell me if this site is a legitimate one, http //translate.Google.Com/transla, ..., =1 and sl=auto and tl=en and u=http //saratovskiy-npz.Ru/?
Can be achieved with the different plans i have put in place.
Any, progressive idea, you wish to contribute, will be welcome.
Consider this very expedient looking forward to hear from you.
Thank you and best regards., sincerely smith: perry.
Note product available are -- ( powder, 22k and lingo bars, 24k ) gold dust bars, bullion scrap gold, ounce diamond .... we are looking for serious buyers with whom we can establish a long term partnership in the provision of metal required.. you can gain your self.
Cif/fob/ppmc aam avs., please do indicate your interest and we shall provide you with the necessary information that you might need to actualize this transaction.
> best regards received from user ( samuemensah @ 41.218.200.222, with login ) by smtp104.Sbc.Mail.Bf1.Yahoo.Comclick to expand ... '
Hello, i wanted to indicate you that the molik group oil factory ltd company always tries to sell some sunflower.
Reply back immediately.
My company normally send me to malaysia, but this time my company want to send somebody to represent me, and i dont want the person they will be sending to know the cost price.
This is what i want you to do.
I want you to go and purchase the product from her at 2500usd.
I want you to know that my percentage from the profit you will make from the transaction is 40 % out the profit.. you will take 60 % please if this business proposition offends your moral and ethic values.
Campaign., the selected e-mail addresses are extracted only from the commercial websites of the targeted markets.. dear customer, please be so kind and review our romanian silk fabrics, export proposal below brief export proposal.
We worked for.. we would like you to send us your specific inquiry/offering demand..
Wed appreciate your feed-back containing detailed contact, coordinates company name, address phone and fax numbers contact person web-site.. we wish to express our availability to work under the clients brand.
Well be happy to provide you, the lowest prices in the field., thanking you for your time and looking forward to your reply.
We wish you all the best.
I am contacting you because i dont want to lose this contract provided by our company, because we both going to get a good profit from this business in the coming future.
Why im requesting you to be the supplier to our company so that we can both take advantage of this business opportunity in the company now.
What this fluid does is to penetrate deep into diamond and vaporizes out black inclusions in diamonds and other precious stones.
I just want you to act as an intermediary agent to stand the gap between the sellers of the product ( in malaysia, ) and the buyers (.
The reason why i want you to be our agent is to be the link connecting the local seller in malaysia directly to the buying company.
Please get back to me as soon as you receive my email.
He furtherly forewarned you that if you were to investigate this aeuroeonce in a lifetimeaeur offer make waves - or if word got out that you were asking too many questions about it, you would run the risk of being expelled from participating in these secret secondary markets aeur forever.
Just to help you gain your comfort level.
You must be very careful and suspiciousaeur.
They require from all potential buyers, even those who are prestigious, that they must issue ready, willing and able ( rwa ) ready, willing and able to deliver (, rwad, ) and ready willing and able to perform ( rwap ) documents in order for them to facilitate smooth transactions.
He even explained how these top 100 western european banks deal in prime bank notes: ( pbnaeur, (, tm, ) s, ) prime bank guarantees, prime bank debt obligations, prime bank securities, between and amongst themselves, and the principals want to remain anonymous..
You are to have met your friendaeur (, tm, ) s friend, and to be given this aeuroechance of a life-timeaeur opportunity to invest with the aeuroebig boysaeur..
Quoted from u.S. news online news.
The pitch zappa would use an offshore trading program of debentures ( corporate ious that arent, backed by any collateral ) issued by prime banks to triple the fabers money.
Were wiped out faith says.
Somebody tells you something is risk free grab your wallet.
Beware of any scheme that implies a link with the federal reserve, the international monetary fund or a like entity..
This seemingly impressive man is being sued by some investors and is the subject of a securities and exchange commission investigation for allegedly running a prime-bank scam..
And at that point nobody could tell me it didnt exist..
Arent a lot of people who can buy things that arent securities., no brokerage house, no insurance company can buy these until they get cusip numbers and become screenable.
Absolutely, and i want them to., who makes the most money out of it, who the united states.
Aeur some kind of promise that a bank will pay a sum of money at a future date aeur an instrument for which there is no recognized market.
Letters of credit do, of course, exist, but by their nature they cannot logically be traded separately from the obligations they guarantee.
Such generosity is, of course, unthinkable.. why would any banker wish to incur such losses?
Myth number.
He/she may be told that the programme is in the middle of a aeur~rollaeur, ( tm ), or that he/she cannot withdraw from the programme until there is another investor willing to join..
Myth number four.
In 1993 federal regulators, including the federal reserve board and the comptroller of the currency, issued a joint warning about prime bank investments..
In new mexico, say: regulators, the city of clovis lost .5 million in a prime bank scheme.
According to michael j., vargon deputy director of the new mexico securities division.
Could be much higher.
Some investors, however, probably will disregard regulatorsaeur (, tm, ) warnings., says dave wayment investigator, with utahaeur ( tm ) s. division of securities aeuroethere is a group of investors who insist on believing that there are aeur~secretaeur ( tm ) investments which pay high returns with no risk.
So with that emblem on my forehead, putting pressure on my memory, i would like to share three other quotes that come to mind anyway, all of which are apropos.. aeuroespeak englishaeur said the eaglet.
Aeur lewis, carroll ( referencing the special terms used by fraudsters. )
If you are trying to determine whether a particular bank is acting as a dealer, you might want to consider the following questions: does the bank hold itself out as being in the business of buying and selling securities?
Note banks that deal in municipal securities, government, securities and canadian government obligations have other registration requirements under the exchange.
For additional information, see exchange act, rule 3b-18, which defines terms used in the asset-backed transaction exception.
Identified banking products..
Riskless principal transactions., [ 17 cfr 240.3a5-1.
See exchange act, section 3, ( a ), ( 54 ).
(, as noted above qualified investors, include other banks, broker-dealers savings associations and other parties that that meet specified, criteria. )
See exchange act, section 3, (, a ), ( 54 ) a final note about safekeeping and custody activities.
In compliance with regulation, s and resells that security to a non-u.S. person who is not in the u.S. or to a broker-dealer, will also be exempt from dealer.
Reminder, if your bank is doing or may do any of the activities of a dealer, you should find out.
If the bank needs to register with the sec or stop engaging in dealer transactions., we want to underscore that similar topics may be analyzed differently under the securities laws and interpretations than under banking law and interpretations..
If you are not certain, you may want to review sec laws, rules, interpretations, consult with private counsel or ask for commission staff.
Answer # 1 no.
Answer # 4, as the commission noted in adopting the final dealer rules, individual banks may have specific transactions in progress for which they may need an extension of the implementation date of these rules.
After the more limited exemption takes effect, answer # 7 during the period before the broker rules become effective.
If my bank wants to act as a riskless principal to fill a securities order as a service to a customer, how does the bank count the order when the bank transacts with several broker-dealers, to get best execution answer # 8?
- does not necessarily affect the status of a participant in that offering as an underwriter as defined in securities act, section 2 ( a ) ( 11 ) [ 68, fr 8686 at 8688.
Note 21. ]
44291 ( may 11, 2001 ) http //www.Sec.Gov/rules/final/34-44291.Htm at note 266 and the sources cited therein.
Parts 400 to 450, when they effect transactions in or buy or sell government securities and canadian securities.
Answer # 18; the term qualified investor is defined in exchange act, section 3, (, a ) ( 54 ) [ 15 usc 78c (, a ) (, 54 ) ].
34-44291 66, fr 27760 ( may 18 2001 ) division of market regulation guide to broker-dealer registration, http, //www.Sec.Gov/divisions/marketreg/bdguide.Htm, http, //www.Sec.Gov/divisions/marketreg/bankdealerguide.Htm, '
Permit me, if you may, to bring to your attention an export business opportunity that involves the supply of some product for cattles and goats to be used by farmers in africa.. my name is steve toure..
If you could offer them at ,900 per carton, they will be fighting to get supplies..
Let me know if you are interested.
It is my pleasure to reach you, after our unsuccessful attempt on our business transaction.. well, i just want to use this medium to.
Thank you very much for your earlier assistance to help me in receiving the funds without any positive outcome.
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy together after all the suffering at that time..
I just decided to notify you, because i know that you must have been victimized by the fraudsters in nigeria who claims to be top government officials in charge of your payment..
Acknowledge the receipt of this email.
I dropped a bank cheque for you, which you are to cash after you received it, instruct the manager, mr astor von to kindly post to your certified bank cheque of ( us00.000.00 ), three hundred thousand dollars.
I wish to compensate you for your past assistance effort and commitments that time to help me out..
I hope fine.
Im happy to inform you about my success in getting those funds from boa ( bank of africa ) transferred under the cooperation of a new partner from venezuela presently im in venezuela.
Ask her to send you the a.T.M worths sum of ( 50,000.00 us dollars, ), which i kept for your compensation for all the past.
Efforts and attempts to assist me in this transaction so feel free and get in touch with my secretary, ms. stephanie faug.
Therefore, i want you to contact rev.
Father, emmanuel obi and introduce your self that you are contacting him on my behalf and request for the release of the cheque and inform him on how to send the cheque to you.. as soon as you get in contact with rev.
Name rev., father, emmanuel, obi, tel (, 229, ), 98720859 email, father.E @ yahoo.Com, contact him and get back to me.
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family?
I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition.. you may not understand why this mail came to you..
But if you do not remember me, you might have receive an email from me in the past regarding a multi-million-dollar business proposal which we never concluded..
But i want to inform you that i have successfully transferred the fund out of my bank to my new partners.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 50,000.00..
Please i willlike you to accept this token, with good faith, as this is from the bottom of my heart.
Also comply with barrister, john duncan, so that he will send the check to you without any delay.
Presently im in brazil for investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
Now contact my sectary.
So feel free and get in touch with my sectary mr. raymond and instruct him where to send the amount to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the sufferings at that time..
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to my sectary on your behalf to receive that money so feel free to get in touch with mr.Raymond and he will send the amount to you without any delay., with best regards senator.
Once again stop contacting those people.
Thank you and be blessed.
You have to read this to amend your mistakes.
Please get back to this office as soon as you get this email for immediate payments and transfer of your compensation.
Hello be inform that your protracted fund, 4 million in 2 boxes, has been approved for payment through diplomatic consignment.
Im happy to inform you that i have succeeded in getting those funds transferred under the cooperation of a new partner from morocco.
Now contact.
I hope fine.
Im happy to inform you about my success.
So feel free and get in touch with my secretary ms.Lucy nnani she will send the atm card to you.
Regards samuel '
Dear beneficiary, please accept my apology for not contacting you earlier before now due to my tight schedules..
Remember that the 50,000.00.
Please do, let me know immediately, you contact her to receive it so that we can share the joy.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to the priest on your behalf to receive that money.
Presently, im in london with the partners for some new projects with the money.
Remember that the ,000,000.00.
Is in draft, not cash, so you need to send to him.
Please do let me know immediately.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to the priest on your behalf to receive that money, so you get in touch with him and he will send the amount to you without any delay..
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition..
But i want to inform you that i have successfully transferred the cheque out of the company to someone else who was capable of assisting me in this great venture due to your effort, sincerity, courage and trust worthiness.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum 50,000.00 (, two hundred fifty thousand united states dollars ) in addition to your lottery, winnings of 00 thousand, now amounting to 50,000.00 (, seven hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars ).
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to the finance house on your behalf to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact them without delay., please.
Hope to hear from you soon.
My sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavor to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the prize.
My dear im happy to inform you about my success in getting the fund transferred under the cooperation of a new partner from paraguay, presently iaeur ( tm ) m in paraguay with him for investing of the money..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share our joy.
Remember that i had forwarded this instruction to him on your behalf.
You have to do now is to contact the courier company ( fedex, express courier company ) as soon as possible to know when they will deliver your package to you because of the expiring date.
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay another money except 50 .00 us dollars..
Note, this.
From mr scott williams, <, scottwilliams @ lee.Com, >, reply-to, [, scottwilliams111 @ gmail.Com ], my dear good friend ).
You have to do now is to contact the courier company ( fedex, express courier company ) as soon as possible to know when they will deliver your package to you because of the expiring date.
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay another money except 50 .00 us dollars..
Note, this.
Thank god - and i wish to let you know, am still alive and in good health.
Also tell you about my success in getting those funds transferred under the good co operation and trust of my new partner from paraguay into his account here in paraguay..
During the visit of the un to the camp, i was introduce to him by the reverend and he help me transfer my money from the royal bank into his account than took me with him to paraguay.
You have to contact reverend in charge of the camp.
So feel free and get in touch with rev, jame andrew and instruct him for sending and to receive your cheque at your direct location..
Please do let me know immediately.
After all, the we want through together.
Finally, do not forget to extend my greetings to your family.
I hope i could come to your country and be with you and your family, but i found it s, never the will of god so feel free to contact and get in touch with rev jame andrew immediately for him to send and deliver the cheque to you.
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family?
I hope this mail finds you in an excellent condition of health.. wonder if you do not remember me, you have received an email from me in the past regarding a multi-million-dollar business proposal which we never concluded..
But i want to use this opportunity to thank you for your kind assistance.
When you participated and assisted me to move and claim funds through a business proposal, i sent to you some time ago., i contacted you via the internet about some certain money which i wanted you to assist me claim..
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family?
I hope this mail finds you in an excellent condition of health..
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 00,000.00..
Presently im in paraguay for investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
How are you, i hope you are doing very fine to god, be the glory.. well, is my pleasure to inform you about my succeeded and gain fund transferred under the collaboration of a new partner from united kingdom.
Now in united kingdom in the meantime., i did not forget the effort you made in the past to help me for the transfer of my late fathers fund.. now you should contact with the rev father, ( rev.
Do not hesitate to contact with him, so he could send the amount to you without any delay.
I want you to celebrate with me im happy to inform you about my success in getting the fund transferred under the help of a new partner from united kingdom.
So feel free and get in touch with ( rev, benjamin divine ) and direct him where to post you, the bank cheque..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the sufferings at that time..
Remember that i had forwarded this instruction to him on your behalf.
Please mail him immediately to send the cheque to you..
Please let me know immediately you receive it, so we can share our joy.
So do not hesitate to contact him and he will send you the bank check of $ 850.000.00 usd without any delay., and please do not forget to inform me as soon as the money received take care and god bless you and goodbye for now.. yours, miss samada, '
Take note of that once again stop contacting those people.
Thank you., mr johnson, chance '
Wed 18 jul 2012, dear friend betrayal.
Please contact my legal adviser, barr.
], just tell him that you are contacting him under instruction from code suttr929.
He will honor my will and pay you within 48hours.. forgive me this is all i ask for..
Regards suttr929 '
So feel free and get in touched with mrs nancy and instruct her where to send you the money..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share our joy.
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to mrs nancy raphael on your behalf to receive that.
I will advise you to contact mr.Kelvin williams.. you have to contact him directly on this information, below.
Take note of that.
Once again stop contacting those people.
Thank you and be blessed.
Take note of that.
Once again stop contacting those people.
Thank you and be blessed., mrs sandra winfred.
So please take note of that.. mr anthony powell shall ensure that you deal directly with the bank ( zenith bank ) once again stop contacting those people..
Thank you and be blessed.
Mean while i didnt forget your past efforts and attempts to assist me in transferring those funds.
Now contact my secretary in accra, ghana, as i stated below, follow his instructions.
Ask him to send you the cheque.
So feel free and get in touched with my secretary rev., frank yaw and instruct him where to send the cheque to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy together after all the sufferness.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to my secretary on your behalf to receive the cheque so feel free to get in touch with rev.Frank yaw, to send the check to you without any further delay and try to be honest with him, because he is god faring.
That is the only money you will pay until you receive your payment completely, so confirm your details to avoid any hitches in receiving your full payments..
Question answer also: do let me know immediately: they have started sending you your money, but try to comply with them to enable them serve.
Thanks secretary goodlucky, williams, '
Presently im in dominican republic for investment projects with my own share of the total sum., meanwhile, i didnt forget your past efforts and attempts to assist me in transferring those funds.
Now contact my secretary in benin, rep africa.
Ask him to send you the total cash chaque of ( .200.000.00 ), four million two hundred thousand dollars, which i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter.
I appreciated your collective efforts at that time, so feel free and get in touch with my secretary mr.Michael otu and instruct him where to send the amount to you.
Do it fast before the cash cheque.
Remember that i had forwarded instruction to the secretary on your behalf to receive that cash chaque so feel free to get in touch with my secretary.
Please contact them immediately for the immediately delivery.
I will like you to accept this token, with good faith, as this is from the bottom of my heart also comply with mr. david bassey s directives so that he will send the draft to you without any delay.
The only money i paid to attorney samuel ojo to get all paper works done was us70, so you have to take note..
President and ceo international association for k-12 online learning, ( inacol, ) '
Im one of those that took part in the inheritance/compensation in benin republic many years ago, and they refused to pay me.
Right now, im the happiest woman on earth, because i have received my compensation funds amounting to ,600,000 (, two million six hundred thousand united staes dollars ).
What so ever the us secret service and fbi is already on trace of the criminals.. you can receive your compensations payments via any of the both options you choose draft payments or wire transfers.
Accumulated sum charges for both is now 50usd.. you are therefore advice not to toy with these developments, as a mandate was also issued to terminate the fund immediately.
If you know you cannot abide by this laid down rules then kindly ignore the content contain therein and delete immediately.
If you are not the intended recipient of this communication, please delete it permanently without copying, disclosing or otherwise using its contents and notify the sender immediately.
Received from user ( mail.Nanettelepore.Com [ 69.38.137.68 ] by ezilon.Com ( 8.14.4/8.14.4 ) click to expand ... 44.
So go ahead and contact delivery department of dhl courier.
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of domourrage.
You have to contact the delivery department of dhl courier service.
Moreover, your full mailling information is needed by dhl courier for reconfirmation, so send your address and telephone number to them again.
To avoid any mistake on your delivery and ask them to give you the tracking number to enable you track your package over there and know when it will get to your doorstep so that you can sign on it.
Note the delivery department, dhl courier dont, know the contents of the box.
You showed i want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 00,000usd (.
Presently, im in paraguay for investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
Very much so feel free and get in touch with my secretary mr. ben johnson, and instruct him where to send the amount to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy.
Remember that i had forwarded instruction to my secretary on your behalf to receive that money so get in touch with him and he will send the amount to you without delay..
Finally, my sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavour to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the money.
Subject hello, my friend, you have a good news, hello.
So feel free to contact the rev father and instruct him where to send you, the money., please let me know immediately you receive so we can share our joy after all the sufferings at that time.
You might find it so difficult to remember me., though it is indeed a very long time.. on my singular.
Only in your name as compensation for your dedication, humanity and contribution as it were., i could not send the draft across to you considering the fact that you might have changed your home address.
He will advise you further about the shipment, ofthe icbd to the residence or office address you may provide..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the sufferings and stress at that time.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to the secretary on your behalf to release the cashier bank draft to you so feel free to get in touch with him and he will send the bank draft to you without any delay..
So your early response to that effect shall be admired.. you have to mind the days on route shipment.
Sincerely yours smith, jerry ========================================.
If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from all computers.
Note also that i will not be reached by email or phone for now, because i am currently away in japan for investment purpose.
With my share and i will be busy till further notice - best regards smat okon.
Ask him to send you the total sum of ( .700.000 ) us cashiers cheque, which i kept for you..
Note also that i will not be reached by email or phone for now, because i am currently away in switzerland for investment purpose.
With my share and i will be busy till about six months time or a year.
( good thing.
Again, dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 05.00 us dollars..
Note this.
Let them know that box contend money ok..
Only money you have to send to them is their security keeping fee which is 75 us dollars to received your package.
I gave them your delivery information, but you have to reconfirm it to them again to avoid any mistake on the transfering..
So let me know immediately: you receive your draft.
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition.. you may not understand why this mail came to you.
If you do not remember me, you might have receive an email from me in the past regarding a multi-million-dollar business proposal, which we never concluded.
Im happy to inform you about my success in getting the fundtransferredto a swiss account with the cooperation of a new partner from paraguay who is an international business man.
Ask him to send you the total sum of 50.000.00 (, nine hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars, ), which i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter..
So feel, free and get in touch with my secretary barrister, glen joseph and instruct him where to send the amount to you.
Remember that i had forwarded instruction to my secretary on your behalf to receive that money so get in touch with barrister, glen joseph and he will send the amount to you without any delay.
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 80.00 us dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage.
You have to contact fedexa, ( r, ) courier service.
Yours faithfully, mrs susan douglas., former director securities and exchange commission. '
Again, dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except ps120.00.
I want you to contact the fedex courier comapny, benin, branch., to know when they will deliver your consignment box to you.
I want to let you know that only the director knows the content and no body else knows about this.
So please waist no time in contacting them with the below information.
I want to let you know that i did not give him the key of the box, so please take note so as soon as they deliver.
The box code, ( 0036589 ) - and i want you to keep this code numbers confidential in your home.
So please they are waiting for you to contact them with your information to avoid mistake in delivery.
And let them know also that they should waist no time in sending to you the tracking number of your consignment so that you can be able to track it and know when it will arrive your country.
-- -let me know as soon as you receive your consignment and check the contents weather the complete of the total .5 million dollars usd is in it.
Please, always call them to know the condition of this box because you know the content.
So please let it be very important to you so try and do everything possible to make sure that this box gets to your home with out any delay.
Name united, parcel service ups attantion person, dr. edward van position, foreign delivery, department.
The only money you have to send to them is 7 for their security.
I was try to pay for that, and they was says no due to security.
Let them it contain money ok.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Not let mr.Fredrick sanchez know the real content to avoid them not run away with your fund.
You want to distribute to all your cutomers.
Include your package.
Now contact my secretary.
Ask her to send you the total 50.000.00 (, eight hundred and fifty thousand us dollars, ), which i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempts to assist me in this matter..
So feel free and get in touched with my secretary joan eze and instruct her where to send the amount to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy.
I have registered your package with fedex courier call 234-802-244-3051 for your delivery.
Presently, im in south africa for investment projects, with my own share of the total sum.
Ask him to send you the total 50,000.00 (, eight hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars ) certified bank draft, which i raised in your favor for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempt in this issue..
Note: you are to send the fedex courier, the sum of 10.00 usd for the delivery of the bank draft to you and do not be deceived by anyone to send more than 10.00 usd.
I would have paid that also, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage., so i want you to contact them immediately.
Okay, as soon as you get this bank draft by fedex, please let me know.
Confirmable bank draft of .800, 000.00 united states dollars, but i havent know when you will contact them in the case of any demurrage.. you have to contact the premier diplomatic courier service now for the delivery of your draft.
Was mapped out for you as compensation..
You should send 30.
Please bear with me for any inconvenience.
I tightly packaged and sealed your atm cash card into a synthetic envelop bag which looks like a diplomatic baggage.
Please note, as you received it from the barrister when you open the it, you will see the sealed coded number at the backside of the card scratch.
Importantly, do not reveal any information about your pin code to the barrister when you contacts him even to anyone until the parcel gets to your hand.
Remember that the total amount that you will be allowed to withdraw per transaction is us50.00 dollars only and a maximum limit of us.500.00 dollars in each 24 hours of the day..
Please accept the token with good faith, as this is from the bottom of my heart.
Now contact.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 00,000usd (, two hundred thousand united states dollars ).
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to mr. steve winter at the finance house on your behalf, to end the bank draft to you as soon as you contact him without delay., please.
Hope to hear from you soon.
And also keep this very confidential until you receive your funds in your account or optional cheque issuance to you.
You may tell, as the finance house to not have problem regarding your delivery.. my sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavour to pay your tithe to a bible believing church.
When you get the money, because i noticed it as a fudiciary agent that you were skeptical about your winnings when you were been ask by the uk lotto agency inc to file out a claim for your prize.
However, i want you to contact him immediately as soon as you receive this information because he is leaving for the us by the end of this month, and this might cost a delayment for you to receive this draft.. yours sincerely, mrs. sandra o jackson, '
Take all of it away from me, leaving me with nothing..
Thank you and god bless sincerely.
I have open an account for you and deposited the fund with bank of america.
I traveled out of the country for a 3 months course, and i will not be back until completion of my 3 months course.. what you have to do now is to contact the payment agent here immediately for your account information and further instruction.
Let me repeat again: try to contact him immediately.
I want you to contact the federal inland security company to know when they will be delivering your consignment..
Try to contact them as soon as possible to avoid increase in demurrage fee..
I gave them your delivery address, but you have to reconfirm it to them again to avoid any mistakes in the delivery of your fund.
Be informed that they have already arranged the payment and have released the mtcn for you to track your fund.
For easy, pick-up.
However, disagree to allow the pick up of this fund as it was on hold until you send them.
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition..
But i want to inform you that i have successfully transferred the cheque out of the company to someone else who was capable of assisting me in this great venture.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 500,000.00 gbp ( five hundred thousand great british pounds ).
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to the finance house on your behalf to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact them without delay., please.
Hope to hear from you.
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 20 .00 us dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage.
Presently im in south korea for investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
Very much .So feel free and get intouch with rev mark donald and instruct him where to send the amount to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the sufferings at that time.
Im very busy here because of the investment projects which me and the new partner are having at hand.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to my spiritual father on your behalf to receive those moneys feel free to get intouch with rev mark donald.
If you desire to receive your fund this way kindly re-confirm your details so as to facilitate the immediate release of your atm card.
Thank you, mrs. stephanie bailey atm logistics unit, oceanic international bank, plc, '
I hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition..
But i want to inform you that i have successfully transferred the fund out of my bank to someone else account who was capable of assisting me in this great venture.. due to your effort, sincerity, courage and trust worthiness.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of ,2.000000.00 ( one point: two million us dollars the finance house.
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to the finance house on your behalf to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact them without delay., please.
Hope to hear from you.
I have paid the fee for your cheque, draft.But the manager of eko bank.
Name fedex courier, delivering company., attantion person, dr. jerry cook position, foreign delivery, department.
Note that this is there e-mail contact.
Please make sure you send this needed info s to the director general of fedex delivery, courier company, benin republic, dr. jerry cook, with the address given to you.
Let them know that is money that is in that box..
Thanks and remain.
I want you to contact the fedex courier company, benin branch to know when they will deliver your consignment boxs to you.
I want to let you know that only the directorknows, the content and no body else knows about this.
So the only money you have to send to them now is the security keeping fee of your consignment.
I want to let you know that i did not give him the key of the boxs, so please take note that as soon as they deliver, the consignment use this ( code numbers to open the three boxs to know.
.The first box code, ( 0036589, ), the second box code, ( 0014759 ), the third box code, ( 4475855 ) - and i want you to keep this code numbers confidential in your home.
Try to contact them as soon as possible to avoid increasing the security keeping fee.
So please they are waiting for you to contact them with your information to avoid mistake in delivery.And.
Let them know also that they should waste no time in sending to you the tracking number of your consignment, so that you can be able to track it and know when it will arrive.
Let me know, as soon as you receive your consignment and check the contents, whether the complete of the total .500 000.00 million united states dollars is in it.
Please, always call them to know the condition of this three boxs, because you know the content.
So please let it be very important to you so try and do everything possible to make sure that this three boxs gets to your home with out any delay.
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage., you have to contact mr. nelson john fedex courier services controller now for the delivery of your box.
Note this.
Let them know that box contents money okay.
Therefore, contact the company immidiately to know when they will arrive in your country whith.
Evangelism tracks.Finaly do not wait to inform us as soon as you recieve your money, so that we will pay the ballance to the company.. good luck, ...
The fedex express delivery company ltd. dont know the contents of the box..
Let them know that is money that is in that box.
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 00,000usd ( six hundred thousand united states dollars ).
Please quote your 1.
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to mr. smart williams at the finance house on your behalf, to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact him without delay., please.
Hope to hear from you soon.
My sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavour to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the money, because i noticed it as a fudiciary agent that you were skeptical about your winnings.
However, i want you to contact him immediately as soon as you receive this information because he is leaving for cyprus by the end of this month, and this might cost a delayment for you to receive this draft.
Yours sincerely.
Please contact now.
You may provided.
So your early response to that effect shall be admired.. you have to mind the days on route, shipment.
1.Name 2.Address 3.Marital status, 4.Occupation 5.Age, 6.Sex, 7.Nationality, 8.Country 9.Telephone number - please i want to let you know that only the supervisor knows the content and nobody else knows about this.. you are to contact only mr. edwin thompson, the supervisor.
I have paid for the delivery fee, so the only money you have to send to them now is the security keeping fee of your consignment and it is 50 united states dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage., please i will advice you to be friendly with mr. edwin thompson.
I have paid for the delivery fee, so the only money you have to send to them now is the security keeping fee of your consignment and it is 50 united states dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage., please i will advice you to be friendly with mr. edwin thompson.
Try to contact them as soon as possible to quicken the processing of your card before your draft gets expired.
Let me know, as soon as you receive your card.
Watch out for these things set your electronic securities to high.
I have paid the fee for your cheque, draft.But the manager of eko bank.
Let them know that is money that is in that box.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Subject be informed contact ronald immediately, reply-to <, mr.Rolandcarter @ yahoo.Dk > reward from mrs sarah sullivan good news compensation head office.
Now contact my secretary in the finance house.
Find below his contact.
Please do let me know immediately.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instructions to my secretary (, mr ronald carter, ), on your behalf, to send your draft to you without any delay.
Programsa ( r ) '
I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of 50,000usd ( one hundred and fiftythousand united states dollars ).
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to mr. williams scot at the finance house, on your behalf, to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact him without delay.
Hope to hear from you soon.. my sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavour to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the money, because i noticed it as a fudiciary agent that you were skeptical about your winnings.
When you were been ask by the uk lotto agency inc to file out a claim for your prize.
However, i want you to contact him immediately as soon as you receive this information because he is leaving for the us by the end of this month, and this might cost a delayment for you to receive this draft.. yours sincerely, mrs. sandra jones, '
You have to do now is to contact the gitano express courier service as soon as possible to know when they will deliver your package to you because of the expiring date.
Again, dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 00us.
To avoid any mistake on the delivery and ask them to give you the tracking number to enable you track.
Yours faithfully.
Let them know that is money that is in that box.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Secretary williams, adams, ( esq ) '
Hello, dear, i have paid the fee for your cheque, draft.But the manager of eko bank.
Name fedex courier, delivering company.
Let them know that is money that is in that box.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Secretary, charles ndube ( esq ) '
Let me know as soon as you received it ok., mr scott allen. '
Google attention i have paid for the delivery fee for your cheque, draft.But the manager of financial trust bank plc.
Company below is the needed information to enable them deliver your fund to you, immediately., the only fee you have to pay them is 5 usd that they will use to obtain insurance certificate and claims of affadvite.
That will prove that the parcel that consist total sum of 50.000.00 belong to you be rest assure that all other fees have been paid by me.
Email=========, [, cajacourier_service500 @ hotmail.Fr, ] contact number 0022993729038 1.Your, full name, 2.Your home address.
3.Your current home telephone number.
Note the caja courier company ltd. dont know the contents of the box..
Let them know that is money that is in that box.. you can as well call him immediately.
Thanks and remain blessed.
The atm card payment centre has been mandated to issue out your payment and you have to stop any further comminucation with any other person.
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the atm dept center in this oceanic bank bank by using it as your subject.
The only fee you have to pay to them is 75 dollars.
Belong to you., then be rest assure that all other fees have been paid by me.
Presently im in switzerland for an investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
Now contact my secretary.
Ask him to send you the total sum of usd50,000.00 bank cashier check, which i kept for your compensation for all your past efforts and attempts in this matter..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy.
So feel free to get in touch with him.
I hope to meet you.
What you have to do now is to contact the impex courier delivery company service benin as soon as possible, to know when they will deliver your package to you because of the expiring date.
Us ) one hundred and ten united states dollars only being security keeping fee of the courier company.
Again, dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 10.00 us dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage.
You should also let me k now throug h, email as soon as you receive your draft.
Now contact my secretary.
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the suffer ness at that time..
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to the secretary on your behalf to receive that money so feel free to get in touch with [ peter kalu ].
Note that other people may be contacting you in respect of the same fund as it is still in central bank vetting computer '
Dear friend, how are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
Thank you for your great effort to our unfinished transfer of fund into your account due to one reason or the other best known to you..
But i want to inform you that i have successfully transferred the fund out of my bank to someone else account who was capable of assisting me in this great venture.
I want to compensate you and show mygratitude to you with the sum of 50,000..
Finally, remember that i have forwarded instruction to the lawyer on your behalf to send the bank cheque to you as soon as you contact him withoutdelay., please.
Such acts must stop for security reasons if you wish to receive your payment in time and accordingly, since we have decided to bring a solution to your problem.
Right now, we have arranged your payment through our atm swift card payment center of oceanic bank of nigeria, p l c. that is the latest instruction by our president alhaji umaru musa, yaradua (, gcfr, ) federal republic of nigeria, through the minister of finance.
Please indicate to the card center.
The total sum you are expecting and for your information you have to stop any further communication with any institution or office until you have received the atm card.
Fr > contact person, mrs. nnana jude note because of some impostors.
We hereby issue you our code of conduct, tag number, which is ( 805 ), which you must have to indicate this code when contacting the card center officer.. we await your urgent response.
Try to contact them as soon as possible to quicken the processing of your card before your draft gets expired.
Let me know, as soon as you receive your card.
Wait for your respond.
Your fund was deposited in union bank benin republic for wire transfer its my pleasure to inform you that i have verify from the bank director regarding the transfer of your fund, and it was good news because the requested fee was less expensive for you to afford..
Good luck, abdul with this scam.
4.Your current office telephone.
Do they think that people cant find it on a map or something mr. sunday hills they get stupider every day.
You showed i want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of us00,000.00 (, eight hundred thousand united states dollars ).
Presently, im in paraguay for investment projects with my own share of the total sum..
Tell 234 70, 84025 145.
Ask him to send to you the total 00,000.00 (, eight hundred thousand us dollars, ), which i kept for your compensation for all the past efforts and attempt to assist me in this matter..
Very much so feel free and get in touch with my secretary mr. sunday hills and instruct him where to send the amount to you..
Please do let me know immediately, you receive it so that we can share the joy after all, the suffering at that time.. at the moment, i am very busy here because of the investment projects which the new partner and i are having at hand..
Remember that i had forwarded instruction to my secretary on your behalf to receive that money so get in touch with him and he will send the amount to you without delay..
Finally, my sincere advice to you as a christian is that you should endeavor to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the money share of the money with best regards., sincerely spencer smith. '
Let them know that is money that is in that box.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Meanwhile, i didnt forget your past efforts and attemptsto assist me in transferring those funds.
Despite that it failed us somehow.. now contact my secretary, his name is james zinge and his emailaddress is <.
Note that already i have written a cashier cheque wort of that value.
Please do let me know immediately.
Finally, remember that i had forwarded instruction to the secretary on your behalf to release the cashier cheque to you so feel free to get in touch with him, and he will send the cheque to you without any delay.
Thanks and remain blessed.
Because, the manager of eko bank, benin told me that before the check will get to you that it will expire., so i told him to cash .5m all the necessary arrangement of delivering the .5m incash was made with world universal courier.
This is the information todelivery your package to you.
Thanks and remain blessed.
I have paid the fee for your cheque: draft.But the manager of eko bank, benin, ...
Address cotonou, benin republic, e-mail, (, ups_delivery_companybenin1990 @ yahoo.Fr, ), '
Receive payment from clients.
Deduct 10 %, which will be your percentage/pay on payment.
Forward balance after deduction of percentage/pay to any of the offices.
It is my last wish to see this money distributed to victims of hiv/aids charities, donations, orphans and other needy persons.
I want a person that is god fearing that will use this money to assist and utilize for orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not believers and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
I want you and your fellow believers to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian..
However, that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for another person for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Please find the loan account statement attached., once the full and final payment is received, a receipt along with loan clearance certificate will be sent to you, stating that your outstanding debt is paid in full..
Enter the payment amount, 5.
I am presently at charlotte douglas international airport here in the united states of america and before i can deliver the consignment, ( funds ) to you.
You have to reconfirm the following information so as to ensure that i am dealing with the right person.
Nearest airport.
Regards diplomat, smith, adams, '
Speedy morgan contact person.
Speedy morgan with you delivery information such as full name, mobile, no home address.
My name is mr. stewart douglas the diplomat agent assigned by the united nation to have your fund delivered to you.. now i want to strike a deal with you in your acceptance.
I wish to inform you that a baggage was drop to us by a red cross pilot todelivery to you in japan.Please.
We want you to conform.
Cell number.. madam i wish to let you know that, upon conformation of your information, your baggage will be delivered to your door step in 96 hours.
However, as a diplomat with a very good reputation, i do not want to do or say anything that will hinder this delivery and, as such, i have made inquiries about the delivery from all necessary security.
Thank you for making the delivery stress-free stephen powers, ife-adigo '
Firstly, i wish to introduce myself as a sympathizer of your situation.. we are the comptroller of fund movement terminal and director of statutory department of inter banks.
Me and my colleagues mr. jerry floyd edward from northlake illinois usa., he is in charge of the west african terminal.. my name is mr. andrew leanne from queensland australia..
Therefore, this letter is highly confidential and top secret.. for this reason, you must not inform anybody about this letter or my contact with you.. you must keep my relationship with you to be topped secret and highly confidential..
1.. you must keep my relationship with you highly secret/confidential.
2.. you must not expose all the above information to anybody.
3.. you must be willing to act fast on any information directives and advice from me..
I want to inform you that i arrive in your country with consignment box contain sum of 2,5 million dollars in so please contact me with all your details to delivery box to you.
Note that i was sent from rev.
Call me on for more direction on how you receive your consignment.. 860.
6560. '
During the event well be asking people to donate as little as and go to our facebook events page and post a picture of their gradfather/dad/uncle/godfather/husband or someone like dad.. we know that dad loves you and guides you each and every day.
Today its your turn to show how much you love him..
Hope of an active life be moved, be active, be mambos hope., please, let me know if you might need anything else to inform your decision or, if you do not want to receive more emails from me.
I prayer that, may the good lord continue to bless.
You and your families may he also protect you and provide for you and your families when you are in need..
Please help me so that i can finish my school and start working.
Please in the name of the lord., amen regards stanley n. w *********************************************************.
Now this is pathetic, barrister, ado mufutau, posing as a student and begging for money..
Aged 75 years.
Your country., please, do not reply to this message.
If you promise to be sincere., you will not be fortuitous because you would be considered with 25 % of the share that will be entrusted to the propaganda of evangelism.. to avoid all the members of my family would be tempted not to have fulfilled.
My last wish, because of not sharing their religious ideologies, i wished that all this takes place in complete discretion.
But you must be honest: do not bother responding if you are not honest or sincere, but if you are reply me to this email, if you are interested for further details.
I want you to distribute these funds to people that need it.. god has really blessed me with fortunes..
According to medical experts., i have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich, i was never generous.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt, is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
Get back to me, so i can furnish you with more details.
Idecided to will/donate the sum of 500 000, two million five hundred thousand dollars to you for the good work of humanity, and also to help the motherless and less privilege and also for the assistance of the widows..
I wish you all the best and may the good lord bless you abundantly and please use the funds well and always extend the good work to others..
I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished, as i dont want anything that will jeopardize my last wish.
Even if i am late, then, because i have come to find out that wealth acquisition without christ is vanity, and i made the promise to god that the fund will be use to build his tample.. may.
According to medical experts., i have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich, i was never generous.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt, is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
I want to entrust a huge amount of money in your care..
Semahat arsel istanbul, turkey, '
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want you to use at least 85 %.
As i want this to be the last good thing i did on earth before my death, then take the remaining 15 % to take good care of your good home, because every worker deserves his wages..
Assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
I also want you to always pray for me.
Dollars ) in a fixed suspense account with one of the bank here in cote divoire..
Presently this money is still with the bank, so i want you to take quick step to this transfer process with the bank to transfer the money to you, because recently my doctor told me that i would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church or any organization that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want somebody that will use this fund according to the desire of my late husband to help less privileged people, orphanages, widows and propagating the word of god..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this fund and i dont want in way where this money will be used in an ungodly way.
I want you to always remember me in your daily prayers because of my up coming cancer surgery.
Write back as soon as possible.
Please this.
Dearest one in christ.
The way i would recommend here., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows, to promote the word of god and the effort that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i do not want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly, manner.
Why im taking this decision.
Hence the presence of my husbands.
Relatives around me always - and i do not want them to know about this.
- in god, all things are possible.. as soon as i get an answer, i will give you contact of the bank here in south africa..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life worthy christian.. whoever wants to serve the lord must serve him in spiritand in truth.
Always praying for their whole lives..
Hope to get an answer.
Thanks and remain blessed in the lord.
Green @ yhahsn.Nhs.Uk from angela green (, yhahsn, ), <, angela.
Green @ yhahsn.Nhs.Uk, > to angela green (, yhahsn, ), <, angela.
Now requesting more information, (, sessil_malcolm13 @ outlook.Com ).
Thank you. '
You would be interested in such an opportunity.
Please respond and i can send you further details.
Beloved, i am afraid to die, but nobody is beyond death.
I do not want to leave this world without, knowing that my funds are wisely used to help the orphans and poor..
I do not know how to thank you, but be sure that god, almighty will bless you for accepting to handle these projects so as to help the orphans and poor..
Mrs.Sphiwe john saeed '
The way i would recommend here., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows, to promote the word of god and the effort that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i do not want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly, manner.
Why im taking this decision.
Hence the presence of my husbands.
Relatives around me always - and i do not want them to know about this.
- in god, all things are possible.. as soon as i get an answer, i will give you contact of the bank here in abidjan..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life worthy christian.. whoever wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and in truth.
Always praying for their whole lives..
Reply me for more informations in your reply will give me room in sourcing another church or person for the same purpose.. let me assure you that they will act accordingly, as specified.
Hope to get an answer., please my dearest one in the lord.
I just hope to know more about you and talk more and also.
I would like you to handle the cancer charity foundation and would be in memory of me, so the less privilege in the society can benefit from these great project.
My late husband had to the predicament they want, all our property and asset.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavor that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Sister hellen, coleman, '
I suffer from a serious illness and i would like to make you an offer that might interest you.
Please accept the expression of my sincere consideration.
Thank you, sir adrien lucas. '
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
T is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
Thank you for your due consideration.. god be with you.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i lea rnt, is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
Thank you for your due consideration., god be with you..
It is our last wish to ensure that this money is distributed to the motherless homes and charity across world..
The way i would recommend here., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows, to promote the word of god and the effort that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i do not want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly, manner.
Why im taking this decision.
Hence the presence of my husbands.
Relatives around me always - and i do not want them to know about this.
- in god, all things are possible.. as soon as i get an answer, i will give you contact of the bank here..
I want you to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life worthy christian.. whoever wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and in truth.
Always praying for their whole lives..
Reply me for more informations.
Hope to get an answer..
Thank you.
Dearest in christ, i am sister sandra kone.
Dollars ) in a bank on my name as beneficiary of the fund.
I want you to use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I tookthis decision, because i dont have any child that will inherit this money, and many of relatives are not christians and i dont want my ourefforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husbands, relatives around me always., whoever that wants to serve the lord, must serve him in spirit and truth., hoping to receive your reply.
I have a foundation/estate > uncompleted {, valued at ,300,000.00 usd } and need you to help me finish.
Please contact me for more details.
The way i would recommend here., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows, to promote the word of god and the effort that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i do not have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i do not want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly, manner.
Why im taking this decision.
Hence the presence of my husbands.
Relatives around me always - and i do not want them to know about this.
- in god, all things are possible.. as soon as i get an answer, i will give you contact of the bank here in abidjan..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life worthy christian.. whoever wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and in truth.
Always praying for their whole lives..
Reply me for more informations in your reply will give me room in sourcing another church or person for the same purpose.. let me assure you that they will act accordingly, as specified.
Hope to get an answer..
Send me the following information as per below., your full name.
Still blessed in you.
In jesus name, this is a donation proposal.. my name is sister sophia purdon from usa, im, a widow suffering from breast cancer and stroke., which denied me a child.
Im, 68 years old woman..
Kindly pray for my health.. god bless you in jesus name, amen, sister, sophia, purdon, '
According to medical experts., i have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich, i was never generous.
Thank you for your due consideration.
Dollars ) in the bank here in abidjan, in a suspense account..
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
Hence the presence of my husbandaeur ( tm ) s. relatives is around me always i dont want them to know about this.
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatch it to charity organizations for charity work under your supervision.. you will take out 30 % of these funds for your assistance..
I send you this present message to request his agreement for the realization of a project of donation that i want to do from a good time..
Please accept this amount since may.
Thank you.
Sr. christophe, grugeon, '
I want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth.
You might be wondering why i did not pick my close relatives for this task, but i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate the money there to a charity organization in bulgaria..
Fromthe way.
Something tells me they want me dead, so they can split my last remaining assets and money..
If only you will agree and are capable of seeing this through., i want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatch it to charity organizations of your choice and let them know that it is i susan robert, that is making this generous donation..
I hope we can build a relationship based on trust, because i want to do this by all means possible before i die.
Contact my executor for more info contact.
Im from the republic of ireland, i married to mr. ray grehan.
And arteries.
The reason i wrote you this letter, because i want you to stand as the beneficiary to the sum of my 4.5 million dollars.
I want someone who will use this fund according to the desire of my late.Husband lessprivilaged, to help people, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god..
I do not want in away where this money in a godly way the un is used.. that is why i am taking this decision to surrender this fund.
I want you to always.
Remember me in your daily prayers because of my up coming cancer surgery.
Write back as soon as possible.
Im, 68 years old woman..
According to my doctor report, please, if you would be able to use the funds for the work of god affair.
I am 71 years young and i lived in wilmar minnesota until recently.. you must wonder if i dont have any surviving relatives.
I have a sister who wants nothing to do with me..
I was cruel to her and never helped out when she needed me most.
She wants nothing to do with me..
If we want gods love to grow inside us., i gave a lot of thought before i sent you the email while reading various topics online, ranging from medicine, religion, economics.
I want to give to the needy the widows, orphans and victims of disasters.
I got it from the phrase, save a soul.
I want at least 80 % given to charity ).
Let me know if you are capable and willing to do this for me..
It would be wonderful if you could tell me what charities you may have in mind as well..
Regards shahin '
I hope all is well with you all.
So please try all you can and contact the bank so that they will transfer the money to you.
Please and please try all you can to make sure that this money is transferred, because the lord god knows the reason why he choose you after my fast and prayers to him.
So please do make sure that this money is transferred to you so that you will carryout the work.
So please try to help for this money to be transferred to you.
Because you do not know me.
If you need any more information, please hurry and ask now that i am still alive so that i can provide you any answer or proof that you need.
I would like firstly to apologize for this intrusion into your life as we do not know us, and although i admit that this is very important to me., i am sonia marchand of french origin born may 17, 1965 in toulon..
In fact, the reason why i contacted you, i want to make don a large part of my property, because i have no one who could inherit..
I beg you to accept this legacy, but ask nothing in return, if not always think to do good around you something i was not able to do during my good health.
According to medical experts., i have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich, i was never generous.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt, is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
Beloved each day that passes by, i am afraid to die.
Hence i am giving you these sum: (, a 5,250,000 ), five million two hundred and fifty thousand euros for you to handle it as it is yours with the sole and unique interest of helping the most less privileged.. you will also be highly recompensed many a times.
Amen. '
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
As i stated, herein.
Please endeavour to use it for the children of god..
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
As i stated, herein.
Dearest in christ, i am sister joy, emma.
Dollars ) in a bank on my name as beneficiary of the fund here in abidjan.
I want you to use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money, and many of relatives are not christians and i dont want my our efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husband relatives around me always., whoever that wants to serve the lord, must serve him in spirit and truth., hoping to receive your reply.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
As i stated, herein.
I would like you to handle on my behalf..
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
Thank you for your due consideration.
Presently, this money is still with may bank in malaysia, and i dont want to leave it there because of my illness.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want an organization that will use this fund for orphanages, school and church widows, propagating the word of god and to endeavor that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision, because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husbands.
With god all things are possible.. as soon as i receive your reply, i shall give you the contact of the bank in malaysia to enble.
I want you and your family to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please alway s be prayerful all through your life..
Please get back to me as soon as you receive this massage so that i will give you the contact of the attorney and the bank.
Delay in your reply will not give me room in sourcing another person or church for this same purpose..
However, i have a serious concern with which i believe you might be of help and for this reason i cannot but reach out to someone a fellow brethren..
I lost my husband to a protracted illness 20 years ago and i have been working as an evangelist till date.. we are dedicated christians and decided to serve mankind to the best of our ability..
Please do not see this as a strange possibility or an unbeliveable opportunity to make wealth, rather see this as a rare chance to assist the less priviledged in truth and in spirit with a substance..
Thank you.
However, the bishop of korhogo (, a town in the north-central region, ), had recently received information that my late husband michael, lived, an immoral and lewd life.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want the fund to be used on orphanages, disaster victims, helping the widows and the forgotten ones in the society..
I want you to always pray for me, also..
Sender, gloriadedesent on 12/11/2013, dear friend., as you read this, i dont want you to feel sorry for me, because i believe everyone will die someday.. my name is sonia daurte a merchant and a cocoa exporter in accra, ghana, west africa..
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I have willed, and given most of my property and loveringer.Comets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends., i have decided to give arms to charity organizations as i want this to be one of the last good deeds.
I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations..
Intervention., thank you and god bless you and your entire family.
As you respond to this call amen.
Patient without any child and presently hospitalized..
Taken from your busy schedule to work with me on this sole act of charity.
Indicate your wiliness to assist by sending an email to my private email box, ( susan.
This way., please be prayerful all through your life.. until i hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders.
Since we are not yet finished our marriage plans, because i dont have a child for him.
I want to will my money, which is deposited in a security company to an individual who is willingly to build a charity home for orphanage and abandoned kids.?
I dont want a friend or someone i know to handle this project..
I want the actualization of my dream to establish this charity home to come in reality.
Please i need a reliable person who will use the money, ( 8 million dollars ) to build orphanage home or charity organization..
Send to me.
I am sure this mail would be coming to you as a surprise, since we have never met before, and you would also be asking why i have decided to choose you amongst the numerous internet users in the world.
If only you can carefully, read and digest the message.
While they were flying from new york to geneva.
We have never meet due to the fact that when we were young, we received an anonymous help from an individual.
I am sorry to inform you that you may never have the chance to meet me because i have just concluded the assignment which my husband and i have agreed upon before his sudden death, and you happened to be the beneficiary of our last will.
Canada.. you are to reconfirm the below information to them.
Please try to contact them as soon as you receive this mail to avoid further delay.
Be also notified that i will no longer be reading my email or surfing the internet, as i have retired completely from the outside world to my ranch at this moment.
I found your profile from the internet and decided to contact you., please if you would be able to use the funds for the lords work.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
I want to solicit for your help in fulfilling my wish.
This letter is because i want you to stand as beneficiary to the sum of my us,000,000.00 ( one million united states dollars ).
I want to donate this money to support churches and evangelism.
Let this be your subject.
Your bequest '
I want a friend who will take over all.
Thu 3 may 2012, hello, my employer (, mrs katie white ) would like to setup a donation fund worth over m, but needs assistance to complete this task because of her failing health..
Ask that you to take due consideration of its importance and immense benefit and also sincerely seek your confidence.
I dont want you to feel sorry for me, because i believe everyone will die someday.. my name is sarah adams.
.I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations, and let them know that it is me, sarah adams, that is making this generous donation..
Please pray that the good lord forgives me my sins..
I wish you all the best and may the good lord blesses you abundantly and please uses the funds well and always extends the good work to others..
If this proposal is acceptable by you, please confirm your interest and contact my lawyer with the email address below, so that he shall inform you on how to proceed with the documentation to satisfy you that this project is legitimate.
I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished, as i dont want anything that will jeopardize my last wish.
Please read this mail carefully, as it may be the most important mail you will ever get.. my name is mrs. sarah barbara., i am a dying, so i want to donate what i have to charity through you..
Rather than allow my husband relatives to misuse my husbands, hard earned funds inappropriately.. you may be wondering why i chose you, but someone has to be chosen..
I want you to utilize this money in accordance with my will..
I know i have never met you, but my spirit tells me to do this and i hope you act sincerely..
If you will not betray my trust in you, i hope to hear from you if you are not interested, do not respond to this e-mail and delete this message.
Note that i will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished, as i dont want anything that will jeopardize.
My last wish, due to the fact that i do not want relatives or family members standing in the way of my last wish.. secondly, i am doing this with trust.
Please do not fail.
Contact me for more information on how you will get this money for the charity.
Reply to me urgent so that i will direct you to my doctor, who will help you to make the necessary transfer of this fund to you, as i have give him all the details about this fund.
I want this last act of mine to be an offering to god and humanity., send a note back with this ref.
I do not want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused or invested into ill perceived ventures..
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in a worldly manner.
I do not want them to know about this development.
Please always be kind hearted all through your life..
Please make sure to maintain a confidential and cordial relationship with him.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Ensure to keep this very confidential for security reasons until the funds are safe in your possession.
Upon your acceptance to this proposal.
Kindly get back to me.
I have a serious concern with which i believe you might be of help, and for this reason i cannot reach out to someone a fellow brethren.. my name as given above is mrs.Jane reeve, liberian and married to saudi arabian diplomat, remond reeve..
Please do not see this as a strange possibility or an unbelievable opportunity to make wealth, because many bad things are happening in the world.
Thank you, and god bless you richly yours, sincerely.
As you read this, i dont want you to feel sorry for me, because i believe everyone will die someday.. my name stan miller is, i am a merchant of american nationality, but presently residing in london.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatche it to charity organizations.
Introduction, i am mrs. samantha e. kennedy.
I know we have not met before, but i want you to consider this matter as divine mission.
I want you and your family to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.
My happiness is that i leaved a worthy life and whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth.. as soon as i receive your reply, i shall give you more details regarding this great mission.
Herein, benin republic, and also want you to assist me and extend help to the orphanage homes within your country and to also compensate you for your kind effort and advise now it matters.
You have to contact fedex courier company, benin republic to know when they will deliver the box to you..
So do not let them to know that the package contains money inside until you received it at your house address, and this is the deposit code of the box which you will send to them for verifications.
I deposited it as family treasure, so they dont know the content of the truck box, which i only have the unlock code.I want.
My dear, i want you to feel as if you wear dreaming now, and i am very much sure that your dreams will come.
My dear, i am not falsie you to carryout the will of god, but willingly you can do this for me before i pass away.I want you to help me in claiming the fund and donate them to the less fortune churches in europe.
Al, please get back to me, asap for further process.
I wish to donate the sum of ,000,000.00 (, two million great britain pounds ) to you.
Fund.. may god bless you as you contact him.
I had to contact you this so because i want to do something very important..
Please accept this because it is a gift that i made and without asking anything in return..
I can hardly sleep at night as the day because i do not want to die without having made any gift of the money.
According to medical experts., i have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich, i was never generous.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt, is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
When i was much younger, i have always wanted to make a difference in the lives of many., but i never was not able to do it in the capacity i could, because i had little funds to do so.
I am writing you because i want to you start a charity project for the less priviledged people anywhere in the world where you find them., my husband left behind a whopping sum of about 3.5 million in our account before his death..
I want you to carry out the legacy..
I i have no friends that i can trust with this resources.. you might be wondering why i trust you..
The answer is i dont know..
Please get back to me if you are interested., mrs suzana '
Dear gods elect, i believe you will do better than i think it is understandable that you may be a bit apprehensive because you do not know me.
I want to tell you this because i donaeur ( tm ) t have any other option than to tell you, as i was touched to open up to you.
Presently this money still in the bank there.
If you assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Please contact me for more details on this.
Hello dear my name is susan foreman from tripoli libya..
Patient without any child and presently hospitalized.
My last days on earth quietly., i asked that my hospital room be equipped with a laptop for me to take care of some outstanding issues., one of which is my desire to donate an amount of money.
This way., please be prayerful all through your life.. until i hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders.
Were married for eleven years without a child., he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days.
And again im with my laptop in a hospital where i have been undergoing treatment for cancer after the doctor indicated that i will only live for some months..
It is my last wish to see this money distributed to charitable organizations and churches, because our relatives plundered so much of our wealth.
Please i come to you, in the name of god, to help me and utilize.
14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. as soon as i receive your reply, i shall introduce you to the attorney i have appointed, who will introduce you to the finance house where the fund is deposited.?
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd., please.
I dont need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health and the presence of my husbands, relatives around me always., i dont want them to know about.
So let me first of all inform you.
I have cried and cried, but i guess my family wants me to join them.
They told me that, once you are ready, you should contact them..
I have made you the sole beneficiary of the funds, and all i want from you is to use the fund, as stated below.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
Please take this seriously.
Please keep details of this private.
The reason i have contacted you is because i want to employ the service and help of a law abiding, individual or organization in distributing the fund, because my present state of health may not permit me to undertake this task.
Failure to hear from you could give room to me sourcing for another person or group to undertake this task.
Sebah ahmed '
Based on this development.
I want to will my funds, which is deposited in a security company..
Please contact me as soon as you receive this email.
I want you to use this money for churches, charity organization, orphanages, widows and other people that are in need.. l took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money.
Moreover, my husband relatives are not close to me since i devolop a cancer problem and it hard been that they wish to see me dead in order to inherit this wealth, since we have no child., these people are not worthy of this inheritance..
Health.. as soon as i receive your reply, i will give you the contact of the bank in cote divoire, where this money is deposited..
Thanks and remain blessed.
I want you to use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i don t have any child that will inherit this money, and many of relatives are not christians and i don t want my our efforts to be used by unbelievers..
I don t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly way..
Hence the presence of my husband s, relatives around me always., whoever that wants to serve the lord, must serve him in spirit and truth.
I do sincerely apologise for my intrusion of your privacy..
However, i have a serious concern with which i believe you might be of help and for this reason i cannot but reach out to someone a fellow brethren.. my name as given above is mary jones, liberian and married to saudi arabian diplomat, harry jones..
Please understand that i am not doing this because of fear of death, as i am certain where my place already is.
Please do not see this as a strange possibility or an unbeliveable opportunity to make wealth, rather see this as a rare chance to assist the less priviledged in truth and in spirit with a substance..
Thank you and bless.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I will send you the photos of me and my very hopeless and selfish family members, including my wife, who i learnt is getting married to my personal friend and attorney.
Thank you for your due consideration.
I know my time is near thats why i have willed and given most of my properties and assets to my immediate and extended family members and as well as some few close friends., i have decided to give alms to charity organizations as i want this to be.
Some of them even fled away with some of the money, while the rest shared the remaining among money among themselves., from the way they are acting around me tells that they want me dead so that they can talk about inheritance..
I want you to help me, collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations, and let them know that it is i mr. stanley, alan john, that is making this generous donation..
Here in cote, divoire.
I allow the fund to be in the bank.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated here.
I want you to always pray hard.
I am sorry for bouncing into your privacy.. you might not know the sender of this mail., but i got your e-mail when searching files on reputable people online.. let me start by introducing myself.
Yours faithfully, sarah green '
See details on this website, http //news.Bbc.Co.Uk/2/hi/south_asia/8688715.Stm.
Seventy million united states dollars ) abroad, which he intend to invest in agriculture and building of charity, organization.
He hath made every thing beautiful in his time.
Please join me in good faith to execute this project and ensure to send me a mail to indicate interest.
Please e-mail me back., thanks for your kindness.
Please endeavour to use it for the children of god..
I am married to dr.Husain al-musallam, who worked with kuwait embassy in cote daeur ( tm ) ivoire for nine years before he died in the year 2004.. we were married for eleven years without a child..
Dollars ) with one bank in cote divoire.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this fund for churches, orphanages, widows, less privileged for propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life and any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated, herein.
Dearest beloved greetings to you.
First of all, let me introduce myself to you.
In your reply will give room in sourcing for another person, / organization, for this same purpose.. you may ask why i took this decision to transfer the fund to you.
Subject: dearest beloved greetings to you to undisclosed recipients, click to expand, ... '
I was never caring about people, but only dedicated my time and resources on my business, as that was the only thing i cared about.
Now., as my last days alive, are drawing closer and closer.
Please contact me as soon as you get this email, if you are capable and sincere to handle this transaction on my behalf, so i can forward you all relevant documents necessary for the claim and the name of the security firm, where the funds are deposited.
Please inform me as soon as possible if you are not interested so that i can proceed to seek for someone else to carry out this on my behalf.
Client-ip=119.252.144.198 received sat 05 jun 2010click to expand ... '
Please contact me: via.
Please note that i have willed .5m to you by quoting my personal reference number ms/jds/533/0018/htri/33ln/eg, so that i can confirm that you actually received my email notice to you.
If anyone has visited, then please do some anti-virus scans..
Dear friend, i am smith brown and i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer .It has defied all forms of medical treatment and right now i have only about a few months to live, and i want you to distribute my funds of five hundred and eighty million dollars.
This mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could come into your mind, but please consider it a divine wish and accept it with a deep sense of humility., my name is simon taylor.
It is my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations., because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my illness.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this funds to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
As i stated herein.
I do sincerely apologize for my intrusion of your privacy..
Five million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) with a finance/security company..
Please, do not see this as a strange possibility or an unbelievable opportunity to make wealth, rather see this as a rare chance to assist the less privileged..
I want to will a total sum of million to you, which i want you to distribute part of it to any charity home for me and use .6million usd for the education and investment in favor of my only daughter, total 5.6million dollars..
Million dollars..
If you would be able to use the funds judiciously kindly reply for further details., mrs. sunita h. freeman '
What disturbs me most is my stroke.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always., i dont want them to know about this.
- with god, all things are possible.. as soon as i receive your reply, i shall give you the contact of the bank in coted ivoire..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.
Please, always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated here in hoping to hearing from you remain blessed in the name of the lord.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church organization or good person that will use this funds to help the orphans, widows and other people that need financial assistance.
Using part of this money to provide facilities for gods, work, taking the gospel to greater height is my major reason of donating this funds.
L took this decision, because i dont have any child that will inherit this money, and my husband relatives are not christians and it had been their wish to see my husband dead in order that they might inherit his wealth.
Hence the presence of my husbands, relatives around me always., i dont - want them to know about this.
I also want you to always uplift me in prayer.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in truth and faith serving him with all you have knowing that naked we come and naked.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated: herein.
Thanks and remain blessed in the lord., your sister in christ.
I am the current beneficiary of this consignment containing the funds and i would like to leave these funds for you to realize my wish..
I want you and the charitable organization to always pray for me, because the lord is our savior ... my happiness now is that i think i lived a life of worthy christian..
Please always pray for your life.. any delay in your reply will give me a reason to contact another organization or another person for the same purpose..
Please make sure that you will act accordingly.
As i stated above., i hope, receive your reply.
I want communicate to the bank that you are my late husband, foriegn business partner, based on your sincere accptance to assist.
Please feel free to contact me for more information and details.
You might need from me.. god bless you.
Aug 2008.
Please reply.
I want to will my money, which is deposited in a security company..
Dollars ) in a bank on my name as beneficiary of the fund here in abidjan.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want you to use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god - and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money, and many of relatives are not christians and i dont want my our efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husband relatives around me always., whoever that wants to serve the lord, must serve him in spirit and truth., hoping to receive your reply.
Sister fatou, usman, '
Beloved friend.
I am sherry b. janther from holland..
I want to entrust this fund to you so that you will use 70 % of this money to fund orphanages, widows and less privilege.
People around the world in my name, sherry janther foundation and use the remaining 30 % for yourself.. as soon as i receive your reply, i shall give you the details.
Please endeavour to use it for the children of god.
I want some body that will use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavor that the house of god is maintained.
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husband efforts to be used by unbelievers.
Always i dont want them to know about this development.
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.
Is that i lived a life of a worthy christian and whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth.. any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for another person or individual.
Assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Hoping to receive your reply for more details and pls always put me in prayer, so that our good god will heal me from my sickness.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want somebody that will use this fund according to the desire of my late husband to help the less-privillaged, orphanages, widows and propagating the word of god..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this fund and i dont want in away where this money will be used in an un-godly way..
I want you to always remember me in your daily prayers because of my up coming cancer surgery.
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as i never really cared for anyone (, not even myself ), but my business., though i am very rich.
I want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul, so i have decided to give also to charity organizations, as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth..
I will want you to help me collect/receive this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations..
Dollars ) in the bank here in abidjan, in suspense account..
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husband efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Always i dont want them to know about this.
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
I want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul..
As i want to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth..
I will want you to help me, collect this deposit and disburse it to some charity organizations and to the less privileged.
Please send me a mail to indicate if you will assist me in the disbursement.
I want you to note that this fund is lodged in a bank in ivory coast in west africa.
I will want you to use this fund for the work of charity.
Work that my husband and i could not do., so i want you to use this money for the up.
Keep of the poor.
Contact me for more details., mrs. sandra '
What disturbs me most is my stroke.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for another church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated, herein.
Please only contact me on this email.
Please endeavour to use it for the children of god, because it is a vow i made before god..
Dollars ) with one bank in benin republic..
What disturbs me most is my stroke.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for another church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Subject: nytimes.Com the new york times in print for may 18, 2009 date may 18.
Editorial observer.
Ask that you take due consideration of its importance and immense benefit and also sincerely seek your confidence.
I dont want you to feel sorry for me, because i believe everyone will die someday.. my name is sarah may allport.
.I will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations, and let them know that it is me sarah may that is making this generous donation..
Please pray that the good lord forgives me my sins..
I wish you all the best and may the good lord blesses you abundantly and please uses the funds well and always extends the good work to others..
If this proposal is acceptable by you, please confirm your interest via email, and i shall forward for your perusal any documentation to satisfy you that this project is legitimate.
I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished, as i dont want anything that will jeopardize my last wish.
And also i will be contacting with you by email, as i dont want my relation or anybody to know, because they are always around me.
Though this medium ( internet ), has been greatly abused.
I want mercy to be shown on my soul, so i have decided to give alms to charity organizations as i want this to be one of my last good deeds on earth.. now that my health has deteriorated so badly.
I will want you to help me, collect this fund dispatch and distribute it to charity organizations such as those that cater for environmental disasters, victims, hiv/aids victims, support groups and research agencies, etc.
Presently, im with my laptop in a hospital in frankfurt, germany, where i have been undergoing treatment for my sickness, i have since lost my ability to talk, and my doctors have told me that i have only a 2 months to live..
It is my last wish to see that this money is invested/donated to any organisation/buisness of your choice and distributed each year among the charity organization, e.G, the poor homes, the motherless babies home, where i came from the deaf homes and churces etc.
Its always nice when a scammer shows his concern for my spiritual welfare., like i want to burn in hell with him.
Subject awaiting your prompt response.
Isaiah 40:31.It is a priviledge to share this great testimony with you to god, be thy glory..
I asked god almighty to direct me to an honest person that will use this fund righteously to reach the needy, the less priviledge and lost souls.. for the word of god, says: what shall it profict a man if he gains the whole world and loss his soul.?
After my predicaments in the world - and god really touched my life.
Be informed that as soon as this fund is in your possession, i shall join you in your country to see how the fund will be use for the things that will, glorify god and to give thanks to god.
Please read isaiah 61 vs 1-9.
What disturbs me most is my stroke sickness.
I took this decision because i dont have any child to start from and where i will stop and - and i dont want my husband - hard earned money to be misused by people that call me an unbeliever..
Whoever that wants to be serve.
God must serve him in truth and in spirit, please always be prayerful all through your life.. until i hear from you, my dreams will rest squarely on your shoulders.
Clever lad.
I have spent much money through my only uncle claiming that he want to help my critical il-health condition, while using my money for himself.
Seeing if i have another money to bring out for him to take of which he can still bribe to kill, me.
That is why my uncle want me dead, so that he will take all my belongings, as i have no brother nor sister., because of my being impotent, i adopted a female child as icannot born and i cannot live alone.
Do not trust my the man any more to die here and live the little adopted girl straunded, as he seem not to be happy with me and her..
I will like you to do me a favor and i dont want my uncle to know about this development till i live the country..
Please use the funds judiciously.
Thanks and remain blessed.
I want you to understand a very important point here that can help dissipate your fears as regards receiving the trunks in the united states..
And remember if you are at any point asked what the contents of the trunks are tell them.
Please do not dissapoint me., please call or contact them as soon as you receive the documents and follow my instructions.
I would like you to confirm to me that you have contacted them as i would like to know the outcome of your correspondence with the security company.
Wassalam sulaiman abdulkareem '
I want mercy to be shown on my soul, so i have decided to give alms to charity organizations as i want this to be one of my last good deeds on earth.. now that my health has deteriorated so badly.
I will want you to help me, collect this fund dispatch and distribute it to charity organizations such as those that catter for enviromental disasters, victims, hiv/aids victims, suport groups and research agencies, etc.
Here in cote d ivorie., presently, this money is still with the security company.. my doctor told me that i would not last for the next three months due to cancer problem.
What disturbs me most is my stroke.
The way i am going to instruct here in., i want a church that will use this to fund churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always..
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in searching for a church or christian individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
As i stated, herein.
I am sorry for bouncing into your privacy.. you might not know the sender of this mail., but i got your e-mail when searching files on reputable people.
Online., let me start by introducing myself.
Here, writes mrs stella cole ( phd.
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act just as i have stated, herein.
Hope to hear from you soon and god bless you and members of your family.
But kindly excuse me and understand the situation as i must find.
I want you to receive this money on trust, after which you will receive 20 % for your support and then distribute 80 % to charity..
Please confirm your readiness and willingness so that i will give you the contact of my lawyer, who will process the transfer of the funds to your account..
Have not particularly lived my life so well as i never really caredfor., but now i regretall this, as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting tohave or make all the money in the world.
I want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul.
So i have decidedto give alms to charity organizations as i want this to be one of thelast good de eds.
Dollars ) in one of the prime bank here in abidjan..
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavor that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husbands.
Relatives around me always i dont - want them to know about this.
I, want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shephard.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
As i stated herein.
Hopeing to receive your reply.
Who can withdraw this money then use the funds for charity works.
I found your email address from the internet and decided to contact you if you may be willing and interested to handle these funds before anything happens to me..
This is no stolen money and there are no dangers: involved,100 % risk free., please if you would be able to use the funds for the lords work.
Let me know immediately in your reply.
Reply, quick or you will give me room to contact someone else to handle this task on my behalf.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein and keep this contact confidential till such a time this funds get to your custody.
Orfinancial predicament.
What bothers me most is the stroke that i have in addition to the cancer.
I do not want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner.
I do not want them to know about this.
Please always beprayerful all through your life and assure me that you will act just as ihave stated, herein.
Hope to hear from you soon and god bless you and members of your family..
Kindly accept my apology for sending unsolicited mail to you.. my name is mrs. amal zeidan saleh from kuwait and also a citizen of united states of america..
The way i am going to instruct here, in., i want a church or god fearing individual - that will use this fund the way i want orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and give help to mankind..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands, hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers..
Relatives around me always., i dont want them to know about this.
I will also issue you a letter of an authority that will empower you as the original- beneficiary of this fund.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Please i want you to note.
It is my last wish to see this money distributed to victims of the fire outbreak in australia and other charity organization in the world.
Use your judgment to distribute the money.
I wish you all the best and may the good lord bless you abundantly and please use the funds well and always extend the good work to others..
Tell him that i have willed 500 000.00 to you and i have also notified him..
I will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished, as i dont want anything that will jeopardize my last wish.
Subject, please get back to me hello.
I want this to be one of the last good deeds.
( 3,5000,000.00 ) that i have with another bank, and i will want you to help me - withdraw this deposit and dispatch it to charity organizations and use it to help those in need.
Kindly note that 30 % of this fund must go to victims of tsunami, hurricane katrina, south asia, earthquake 50 % to other charity organizations around the world and 20 % for your effort and time..
I cannot talk to you on phone due to my heath situation, as i am using my laptop computer to communicate with you.. you should respond to this e-mail if you are interested to carry out this assignment on my behalf.
Please endeavour to use it on churches, orphanages and widows dearest one.
Again im with my laptop in a hospital where i have been undergoing treatment for cancer of the lungs., i have since lost my ability to talk, and my doctors have told me that i have only a few months to live..
It is my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations, because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth, since my illness.
I want a person that has god fearing that will use this money on churches, orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained..
My happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your replywill give me room in searching for another person for this same purpose., hoping to hear from you soonest.
Mrs stela white '
Only if lived to the service of mankind and you can only make a living by what you earn, but you make life by what you give.
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i have stated above.
I want you to always pray for me because i dont have much days to live.
Wickedness hostility and hatred.
I do not fancy racial discrimination, so if you are one of those that think your religion or race is superior to that of other persons, please do me the favour of not replying this mail..
Please respond to this mail as soon as you finish reading to let me know your opinion about assisting the less-privileged and, if you have ever given it a thought to help them one way or the other..
I have a dream to share with you and i hope and pray i am communicating with the right person.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a church that will use this fund for orphanages, helping the widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i don have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i dont want my husbands efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husbands, relatives around me always., i dont - want them to know about this.
I want you and the church to always pray for me, because the lord is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian.. whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing another church or individual for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly, as i stated herein.
Dollars ) in a bank on my name as beneficiary of the fund here in abidjan.
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want you to use this fund for orphanages, widows propagating the word of god and to endeavour that the house of god is maintained..
I took this decision because i dont have any child that will inherit this money, and many of relatives are not christians and i dont want my our efforts to be used by unbelievers..
Hence the presence of my husbands, relatives around me always., whoever that wants to serve the lord, must serve him in spirit and truth., hoping to receive your reply.
I have a charity project which i would like to give you more information about from my sick bed.
Dollars ) in one, the famous financial/sucurity costody here in abidjan, capital of cote divoire..
The way i am going to instruct herein., i want a muslim that will use this money for orphanage homes, hospitals, mosque, schools and propagation of the word of the mighty allah, and to endeavour that the house of almighty allah is maintained..
I took this decision because i donaeur ( tm ) t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not muslims and i donaeur ( tm ) t want my husbandaeur ( tm ) s, effort to be used by unbelievers..
I donaeur ( tm ) t want a situation whereby this money will be used in an ungodly way..
Hence the presence of my husbandaeur ( tm ) s. relatives around me, always., i donaeur ( tm ) t want them to know about this.
- with almighty allah, all things are possible.. as soon as i receive your reply, i will direct you on how this vission will be realised..
I want you and the islamic institution to always pray for me, because the almighty allah is my shepherd.. my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy muslim.. whoever that wants to serve the almighty allah must serve him in spirit and truth..
Please always be prayerful all through your life.. any delay in your reply will give me room to sourcing another islamic institution or a good muslim for this same purpose..
Please assure me that you will act accordingly.
As i stated, herein.
I have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer and have been in the hospital hear in london for a very long time..
I want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul, so i have decided to give alms to charity organizations as i want this to be one of the last good deeds.
I would want you to help me collect this deposit and to keep 20 % of the funds to yourself and dispatch the rest to charity.
Please reply this mail as soon as possible, even if you cannot handle this transaction on my behalf., god be with you.
I want allah to be merciful to me and accept my soul, so i have decided to give also to charity organizations, as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth..
I will want you to help me collect this consignment and dispatch it to charity.
Cancer of the breast, which also affected my brain [, uh yeah.
Please do reply me in my private box.
Try too hard ... ) '
We are legitimate company and satisfy our best to all our customers. '
Hello guys pay attention to this chinese website.
Thank you.
Buy 12 pieces and get 4 free with 10 % discount and free shipping.
Beware of this forum, spammer and scammer.
May/july promo offer is here again buy any 2 products and get 1 for free, as well as buy 5 get 3 for free, including free shipment charges.
 '
3.Purchase above 00 can get free shipping by ems international..
Beware of this forum, spammer and scammer.
Sealed in original manufactured box, from the place of manufacture.
Usually follow this format, they say they are in the uk.
Butyou can never visit them for security reasons, ( funny that ) they want paid by western union and alwasy price in dollars as its the international currency.
If you could not find any products of your choice.
Beware of this forum, spammer and scammer.
Beware of this forum, spammer and scammer.
We are your online mobile mega store return policies 20 days for mobile phones, smart phones and tablet; pcaeur (, tm, ), s. ( restocking fee applies ) 30 days for mobile phone related accessories.
Beware of this forum, spammer and scammer.
Noteorder 3 unit and get 1 free shipping feesfree shipping for bulk, purchasefedex, dhl or ups delivery.
Please note that returns are accepted for the last 3 months from date of purchase.
Note order 3 unit and get 1 free note order 5 unit and get 2 free.
Please contact us for more information and purchase inquiries..
Thank you for your email and your inquiry regarding the brand new nokia, n95 8gb and apple iphone.
Companys main phone number is a mobile phone (, spain, 34-6xx, uk 44-70xx, 44-87xx, nigeria, 234, 80x ) or if it shares the same number for the phone and fax 4.
Search for the name of the company on google, and you can see that he has spammed the forum with his posting 7.. beware of prices that are too low, and/or free shipping, and/or worldwide on-site service.
Even since the last time you told me about the phones, i have prepare your package and ready to ship them out for you, but you did not get back to me till this moment..
Everyone would like to outsource wholesale merchandise at a very low prices.
Amp energy.
You have to come with photo-copies of all required documents.
If any ) 3 ) photo-copies of address proof, 4 ), two passport size photographs., you have to deposit the ( cash ) as an initial amount in favor of our company accountant name in charges to collect your payment department for rs.12,200/- (.
Twelve thousand two hundred rupees ) through any [ state bank of india, ] branch from your home city to our company accountant name in charges.
Your offer letter will dispatched very shortly after receiving your confirmation of cash deposited in state bank of india.. we wish you the best of luck for the subsequent and remaining stage..
The last date of security deposits in bank is 28th of january 2011.. you have to give the information after deposited, the security amount in bank to the company hrd -direct recruitment via email.
Attached to this mail is a contract of agreement, cum appointment letter that you are expected to go through sign and date at the bottom.
Samantha hill, london, hilton hotel, address, hiltonhotelcareers @ europe.Com hope this might help in stopping them some.
First of all, we would like to thank you for your attention to our company..
Hi there found this thread via google search..
If you make the interview attached to this mail.
Thank you.
We would like to let you know that we have a newly opened position that will be a perfect match, based on your skills and our requirements.
Looking forward to getting in touch with you., sincerely hr manager. '
They said you should pay 550 $ for travel agency and i serch about the name of travel agency and it wasnt exist in malaysia.
It was in jacarta, please dont play with peoples.
Please note that this position is not office based for now, due to my frequent travels at the moment., its a part-time work from home for now.
Im, currently away for some property survey in the north america, caribbean island, puerto rico, europe and kuala-lumpur malaysia.
I do have a number of things you could help me with this week if you will be within reach for me., if youre interested in the offer.
Brush his hair and make him comfortable.
Feed him meals bath, keep him clean and safe.. my pet is my life, so i entrust you to give him the best care...
Prompt and courteous customer service provide general administrative assistance to all staff within your team, develop and maintain databases, processing orders and running all daily reports, other duties as required.
In order to be successful with these opportunities, you will need the following qualities: excellent communication skills, flexibility, can-do attitude, problem, solving skills, high attention to detail solutions orientated as discussed, you will be responsible for the administrative support function with our customers.
Based in your city.. you will report directly to me and your phone manager and your normal working hours are expected to be 9.00am to 1.00pm monday to friday, or we can arrange a flexible schedule..
Please contact me for more details about the job thanks.
[ 4 ] most be law-abiding and adhere strictly to the rules and regulations guiding the operations of this company.
If you would like to work for a wonderful growth, oriented business, please write back to this.
Have a good day.
Oh hi hope you are doing well.
I have got your profile on a job board/data base and wanted to check if you would be interested in windows.
Thank you. '
Attached to this mail is a contract of agreement, cum appointment letter that you are expected to go through sign and date at the bottom.
We congratulate you as our latest worker and we hope that you will repay the faith we have in you.
This is to let you know that we have received the scanned coppy of your singed contract of agreement, and we wish to inform you to contact the travel agent working with the arch london hotel asap so that you can get your valid uk visa work.
Thank you for your interest in maersk oil services, uae., yours, truly stina, bjerg nielsen maersk, oil, middle east a/s.
A driver and a vehicle will be provided for you on your arrival in the united kingdom.. as stated in contract document, conocophillips will provide employee with the comprehensive health insurance.
Do you want your vehicle covered with a texaco logo, while you make 00 weekly.
Get back if interested.
If you are interested, please reply: tolyudmila.
Apart from your daily routine.
Hiring manager. '
Only with a small logo advert for south american climbing plastered at back of your car..
South american climbing shall provide experts that who would handle the advert placing on your car.. you will receive an up front payment of 00 inform of check via courier service for accepting to carry this advert on your car..
Excellent educational assistance benefits with family status.
Paid airfares allowing full flexibility with holiday, travel., .. life insurance and paid vacation.. .. employees who would not want to remain in the usa office will be granted transfer to the canada, uk or other affected countries.
This is a request to your cv posted in careerbuilder, and we would like to ask you to try for our new home-based vacancy., a national and international team is searching a part-time shipping/receiving clerk..
Your responsibilities will include receiving and sending incoming parcels packaging and scheduling, pick up of all outgoing product, maintaining documentation for all shipping and receiving activities..
Please note if you do not receive a call from us.
Cp 572.
Need to check is that a fraud please help email from mr.Willis.
If this presents any concern, please let us know at your earliest convenience..
If you wish to extend., you will also be entitled to the annual benefits as follows: health care, dental and medicalincluded leave travel concession for self and familycad 700.00/annum miscellaneous information.
You may avail leave earned with the prior information/permission and approval of senior management.
Directly or indirectly, part-time or full time honorary or in any other capacity, without written approval of senior management, and you shall not disclose to anybody any confidential information available to you on the course of your employment with our company.
We run a six months evaluation project and you could earn up to 00 weekly while the project last.
In order for you to receive payment, ) a*, you must also be able to conduct yourself in a professional manner at all times.. you have to be a people person..
So please be sure that you have the patience to do so before proceeding ).
However, you are able to take on as much or as little work as you wish.
Please do not wait for a pay check at the end of the month, not going to happen.. you will be paid per application when and if it is completed.
It safeguards us from those applicants who really just want to waste our time by allowing us to set them up, train them, and then they conveniently dont do any work.
I can be contacted via e-mail at any time after you have received your training materials to help you or answer any questions you may have..
If you consider yourself an appropriate candidate, meet all the requirements and are responsible enough to work independently, then please contact me via e-mail and i will send you the relevant registration, training and banking details.
So you may get started.
Please also be aware of mock companies that emulate what we offer.
Use your discretion.
I wish you success p. please consider the environment before printing this e-mail..
The information you need to proceed is follows and any other info you may need is covered at length in the training manual.. you will be registered on our system.
Please note: your reference number is jc 364.
Please just drop me an email when you have done so, as payment notifications often end up unnoticed in spam.. kindly let me know if you are going to make payment today so that i can start preparing your manual for you.
Therefore, you should write a request right now.
We are currently recruiting individual who want to earn some money independently, while at school or home in usa., we are offering a part-time work from school or home jobs that can fit perfectly with a busy student or professional life and work schedules..
Matthew, w. schuyler, (, chief human resources, officer of hilton international hotel, ), www.Hilton.Co.Uk, '
Its an opportunity to join a company who tackle real world problems.
Please strongly suggest you read the job description and all attached documents and let me know your decision as soon as possible.
And now we would like to suggest you to become our travel coordinator..
This position is limited to a certain number of person, so please make your decision asap.
If you couldnt open ms word files, please let me know ) 1., please read description carefully and respond me back with you.
Please inform me as soon as possible about your decision whether it is positive or not, because we have another candidates and we need to activate our human resource challenge..
Please give your answer for two working.
I would like to know more about the position and what is required of me.
Let me know as soon as you can, if you are like to hear: > > more., >, >, >, >, > >, with respect >, >, > >.
For me, as my personal assistant/ supervisor are 1.. fluency in english language and writing.
2.. good communication skills, 3..
Only an individual who wants to personally employ some-one trustworthy from my heart to work.
This is the reason i am writing this email., please find attached the description of the position.
Our hr managers will get in touch with you and reply to any questions you might have in regards to the position, contract, salary, etc.
This position has a limited number of available posts, so hurry up and apply now feel free to send your questions/suggestions, and we are looking forward to seeing you in our team best regards stanley, harrold, gurudg.
Method of application.
Mail services.
Sit for delivery or pick items up at nearby postoffice at your home.
If i were to mail you money to do my shopping plus upfront payment for your services, where will you want it mailed to how should your name appear on the payment, so you need to provide the following details below *, full name: * full address, (!
Remember not to click on any link that states to be removed or report abuse, as that is how they confirm they have a correct email, address.
Imagine what it would be like to get in first at the top before the masses.
Leave allowance.
Please take the time to respond hello.
Prior to begin able to be considered.
Please go here to begin the process.
Please go here to begin the process.
Please take the time to follow the directions and complete the entire application.
Thank you for your co-operation.
Subject: job offer 2 hours in day from [ nbpj @ nyct.Net, ] reply-to, [, sharonobeckles @ gmx.Com, ] to my_own_email_account content-type, text/plain, charset=iso-8859-1, content-transfer-encoding, quoted-printable, message-id, <, chilkat-mid-45736044-d783-8acf-3a7b-602d869cb8ee @ crfsmain.
Note that we do not bear cost of re-location for any employee.
Just like us reply to this email.
Away., take care.
Important mainly because of the people in the conversation.
Hide details.
I can also provide help in email, marketing campaigns, advices tools, even large email lists..
These can be great if you wish to make some publicity/advertising for your buisness or services by reaching out to new potential clients through emails.. never forget that in marketing anyone could be a potential client..
Privacy act and/or, legally privileged..
> and delete the original, along with all copies of the transmission, to include any accompanying attachment.
You may stop further transactional communications by letting us know by emailing us at <, unsubscribefrommaus @ hotmail.Com >, and you will no longer receive communications from us., see maus 3001 s. main st arges ca.
This advertisement is in complete compliance with the federal can spam act of 2003.. you may unsubscribe at anytime by simply clicking here: < http //clients.Automateyourlist.Com/z/r/ loxmnexstczsysdg3teb0nmwubczmta== > within the email.
Thank god.
Note that the filling of the application form should not exceeds more than seven working days at your side, or it will be cancelled, starting from the day you receive the form..
If you are not clear with any thing, try to call or write back to me for reasonable assistance, okay.
The management and staffs of britannia international hotel wishes you the best of luck., regards sir.
It can be your husband or your wife or any of your relative.. are you legally entitled to work in british?
Regard, sir george williams.
Note all personal informations you supplied will be securely and confidentially maintained at all.
-- -- -- -- -- --, -- --, british immigration service, the highly skilled migrant visas, tier programmed., global immigration, agency/ visa affairs, section ( birmingham ) authorized to provide uk immigration service as advice by the office of immigration services.
Note: all this requested documents should be scanned into computer and send back to our office through email attachment within (, five ) working days for the processing order of your working visa., *all information to our clients and notice for non terror campaign.
The rules ) apart from ( e.E.A ) nationals who are subjected to quite separate treatment.
If you would like to ask any questions regarding our offer write to me, i will gladly reply to them.
With regards simon rob human resource manager. '
Online interview questionnaire, we employ staff based on four core values, namely productivity, talent, ambition and character, and we expect all our staff to exhibit these core values.
Article1 1.42 of the serembanspecialisthospital constitutional policy and code of conduct, which you must adhere to below, is the contact.
Kindly contact the ministry of foreign affairs immediately for procurement of your employment registration certificate and registrationcard.
Note that failure to provide the employment registration certificate and registration card on or before 4th day of september 2011 could be considered to mean your lack of readinessto resuming with the company and unwillingnessto abide withmalaysiapublic/work safety guideline and will result to the nullification of theappointment offer.
At time of final process.. you have to come with photo-copies of all required documents.
If any ) 3 ) photo-copies of address proof, 4 ), two passport size, photograph., 5 ) mobile, no, you have to deposit the ( cash ) as an initial amount in favor of our company accountant name in charges to collect your payment.
Fifteen thousand five hundred rupees ) through any [ state bank of india, ] or [ icici bank ] branch from your home city to our company accountant name in charges.
Your offer letter will dispatch very shortly after receiving your confirmation of cash deposited in state bank of india or icici bank immediately.. we wish you the best of luck for the subsequent and remaining stage..
Print this paqe job details, construction manager, location, nigeria, salary, negotiable company, solac engineering, job type, contract date, posted 2/02/2011, 17:50 description, construction manager.
If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the material from any computer.. any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender and may not necessarily reflect the views of the company. '
In a particular region., acting as one of the key representatives to the financial community, you will have significant contact with senior level professionals at corporate level and donors that will be made known to you by the organization.
Beware of job ads, male or female driver needed urgently hi.
What the ad looks like a male or female driver needed urgently steven watson, and i am looking for a driver for my grandmother, so i needed someone urgently.
Pm glad to hear from you.
I want a serious and a well behaved.
I want you to know that the payment will be in a traverlers check, which i want you to know that the remaining funds will be used for my grandmother for her travel expenses, accommodations and any other expenses.
If you cant verify who they are.
I must say that i am ecstatic that determined by what we have read in regards to your background.
We feel you would be a great match with our organization..
Quickly.. look forward to seeing you at the office stephnie smillie, hiring and human resources manager, moreland services, inc, '
New alias sandy eric (, sandricmorinning @ aol.Com ), just stopping in briefly to add to this hes got a new alias sandy eric and his daughters name is lana.
I will let you know her arrival date and time, but do get it clear that your first payment will have been sent to you before then..
Remember that you will make yourself available 3 times a week to her schedule for 2 hours each day.. also.
I want you to know that our accountant will be sending you a check.
If you have a valid drivers license since you will be picking her up at the airport.
When you get my mails/packages, you are required to mail them to where i want them.
Mailed to.
All you have to do is have packages shipped to your house and do my shopping.. you are allowed to open the packages to reveal its content..
The content of the packages are computer and electronics, clothings business and personal letters.. all expenses and taxes will be covered by me.. you will work between 15 and 20hrs a month.. how much will you charge per week?
Is it?
Please note: this is a scam, email format..
Salary, indication10,000 usd 15,000 usd depending on experience, ... ..., ..., .., contract statuspart, /full time.
You would like to send to us.
Please note that only successful candidates shall be contacted ( via e-mail or phone ).
Permit document, which is obtainable through the hrsdc labor office canada.
Job offer ( uk only ), mailed-by, host.Averyst.Com, hello, working from home part time job offer., you shall be earning 100gbp per day.
Thank you for your reply to my advertisement on gumtree.
Report me by e-mail to put stuff in new boxes with few items that youve received already ( up to 20 lbs.
Im serving few stores and have 10 40 customers every day with different orders from all areas..
Also, if you would like to., im doing the same and im busy too much.
Be advice that you will have to meet the necessary form requirements to enable us process and submit the form to the various organizations that are willing to offer jobs to your kind of persons., we are looking forward to receive your kind reply.
Once that is complete, hit the enter key and you are done..
At the beginning of the employment with us, well be able to establish a moderate level of assignments daily.
Thank you. '
Coordinator u14960.
Millwright u16717.
Only infocapitaloil @ ymail.Com failure to submit as directed will not be attended to or replied to his or her mail..
In pursuant to the service contract with our client ( seadrill group ) wish to invite experienced skilled and qualified expatriates/persons for the ogba phase.
You might want to try your hands on it, but unfortunately we are only looking for professionals with exceptional expertise, highly spirited individuals who are ready to take up a rewarding challenges in the oil and gas industry.
Method of application.
You now is just to kill you and i have to do it as i have alreadybeen paid for that..
Someone who you called your friend wants you dead by all means, and this person have spent a lot of money in this venture.
This person came to us and told me that he wanted you dead and he provided us with your name picture and other necessary informations.
What i wanted to do with it and he gave it to me and i am using it to contact you now.
As i am writing you, this mail, my men are monitoring you and they are telling me everything about you.. now do you want to live or die since all program has be made and draw to kill, you.
Get back to me now, if you are ready to pay some fees to spare your life ,000 is all you need to spend in this process.
You will first of all pay ,000 and then i will send a tape to you, which i recorded in every discussion i had with the person who wanted you dead and as soon as you get the tape, you will pay the remaining balance of ,000..
Warning: do not think of contacting the police or even telling anyone, because i will know, remember someone who knows you very well want you dead.
Do not come out once it is 8pm until i make out time to see you and give you the tape of all discussion with the person who want you dead, then you can use it to take any legal action.. good luck, as i await your reply. '
Someone, you call, a friend wants you dead by all means, and the person have spent a lot of money on this.
The person also came to us and told me that he want you dead and he provided us with your name picture and other necessary informations.
I called my client back and ask him of your email address, which i didnt tell him what i wanted to do with it, and he gave it to me and i am using it to contact you now., as i am writing to you now.
Remember someone who knows you very well want you dead.
Do not come out once it is 7pm until i make out time to see you of the discussion with the person who want you dead for any legal action.
Received from mail-lb0-f174.Google.Com (, [ 209.85.217.174 ], ), reply-to, savesoul @ myself.Com date, sun, 14, dec, 2014, message-id, ~camqmgj2qm9=ptdhao1caxvtdg8fy-zh2pr7bihdzd1rcnxnbaa @ mail.Gmail.Com, > subject.
I want you to read this message very carefully and keep the secret with you till further notice.
Now listen.
Of., i will be coming to see you at home, determine where you wish.
If you wish to ), then the balance will be paid later.. you dont need my phone contact for now.
See dogs. '
Someone, you call, a friend wants you dead by all means, and the person have spent a lot of money on this.
The person also came to us and told me that he want you dead and he provided us with your name picture and other necessary informations.
I called my client back and ask him of your email address, which i didnt tell him what i wanted to do with it, and he gave it to me and i am using it to contact you now., as i am writing to you now.
Remember someone who knows you very well want you dead.
Do not come out once it is 7m until i make out time to see you of the discussion with the person who want you dead for any legal action.
Someone, you call, a friend wants you dead by all means, and the person have spent a lot of money on this.
The person also came to us and told me that he want you dead and he provided us with your name picture and other necessary informations.
I called my client back and ask him of your email address, which i didnt tell him what i wanted to do with it, and he gave it to me and i am using it to contact you now., as i am writing to you now.
Remember someone who knows you very well want you dead.
Do not come out once it is 7m until i make out time to see you of the discussion with the person who want you dead for any legal action.
Name, sir john blackmax, email, [, john.Killer1 @ live.Com, ] '
I wish to let you know that i have been paid by a client to assassinate you at convenience, and i have signed a contract of 50,000 yesterday for this.
The reason why they want you dead is not disclosed to me as i was not allowed to know, but you are now not better that the dead.
Listen very well.
I have no business with you, but at least i have cleared the way as a pro-, but you may have one chance to live again.
If you can contact me, not latter that 24 hours after this message.
You call a friend wants you dead by all means, and the person have spent a lot of money on this.
The person came to us and said that he want you dead and he provided us with your name: j, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., boise, id,83703 and other necessary informations.
Now, do you want to live or die?
Remember someone who knows you very well wants you dead.
Do not come out once it is 7:30pm.
Until i make out time to see you and give you the tape of my discussion with the person who want you dead after you have complied with my demands and then you can use it to take any legal action.. good luck.
Someone, you call a friend wants you dead by all means, and the person have spent a lot of money on this.
The person also came to us and told me that he want you dead and he provided us with your name picture and other necessary informations.
I called my client back and ask him of you email address, which i didnt tell him what i wanted to do with it, and he gave it to me and i am using it to contact you now., as i am writing to you now.
Now, do you want to live or die, as someone has paid us to kill you.
Get back to me now.
Warning: do not think of contacting the police or even tell anyone, because i will know.Remember someone who knows you very well want youdead.
Name saleh, mutlak, '
Your acceptance, you have to deposit the sum of thousand usd immediately for fast response.Because.
Give us your current contact details such includes.
Kindly revert back if you have projects that needs funding for further discussion and negotiation./b/div regards sheik maheed khalifa, p.O.
If you dont need the assistance.
Please ignore.
Sincerely stephen marcelo.
If you have need for corporate loans, international project, funding, etc.
Inquiries from agents/ brokers/ intermediaries are also welcomed.
Name speeckaert, bernard., e-mail skype, id '
Best regard, sir paul chehade.
Reply via smithmwillmans at gmail.Com.
If you have need for corporate loans, international project, funding, etc.
Inquiries from agents/ brokers/ intermediaries are also welcomed.
If interested get back to us for more details..
The management team has extensive experience of operating in the regional market as well as expertise honed at leading international blue-chip corporations and financial institutions.. we wish to re-invest through project funding in investment loan to third party investors, project owners on a 2.5 % interest rate per annum.
Indeed, i am a consultant in private investment in direct contact with investors who want to invest in several sectors of economically viable activities as follows: real-state -renewable, energy, -creation of the industry, -transport -agriculture -tourism.
I would like to ask you: what are your industries, as investors would like to work with?
Please accept my best regards.
Please do get back and let us know more about your company and how much you want to borrow for your business.
(, please make a proposal of business plans according to the investment code of your country, ) -grant of loans up to 150, 000 000 dollars to all persons or companies in financial difficulties interested and meet all of the conditions for obtaining that guarantee.
I am stephen baker, a uk based financial consultant., 48 2 % purchase and lease 9 2.
We wish to re-invest this fund by putting it into the management of private businessmen and corporations with good business ideas that can generate at least 10 % roi per annum over maximum of 5 years duration..
Renewable tenure.
Please see our instrument, description and leasing procedure as follow.
Madam, do you need to fund or finance a project?
Do you want to raise capital for a business transaction, or maybe you require a line of credit from your bank?
Please note that not everyone is qualified for this facility..
Candidate without instrument ... for candidiate without instrument that is certainly not a problem, as we can secure an instrument provider and a monetizer/lender and merge them together in favor of the borrower/applicant to receive the non recourse loan.
Payment mt-103.
- please let me know which of the service that interest you so that i can provide you with more information and full procedure.
We are always on the lookout for ventures whose principalaeur ( tm ) s, exhibit a high level of creativity, combined with the right amount of experience in the chosen field.
Kindly take out a moment of your very busy schedule to reply.
Please write me for possible business co-operation.
If you have need for corporate loans, international project, funding, etc.
The firm focuses on communications, software and digital content and services.. we wish to invest in any viable projects that your company requires fundings on an equity funding capacity on review of your companys business business presentation, we shall determine on the projects possible funding.
Our company has euro 500million in bank guarantee funds for 10 years investment and will wish to appoint you as investment manager.
(, where such neaeur ( tm ) er-do-wells, of course represent a tiny minority ), but the city regulator in recent times seems to have had no real appetite for this.. ian fraser examines the failings of aeuroeno touchaeur regulation.
Crosby, a nominee of chancellor gordon brown and h.M. treasury to the fsa role stepped onto the regulatoraeur ( tm ) s board in january 2004, fully two and half years before he stepped down the from the bank..
Back was through the issuance of a worldwide aeur~marevaaeur ( tm ) injunction on 22 october 2002., taken together the fsaaeur ( tm ) s, actions substantially reduced investorsaeur ( tm ) chances of ever getting their cash back..
He said that baker, tillyaeur (, tm, ) s, fees to date on this assignment have been aps1m.
And remember what happened on 16th september 2008.
Hbos got the money from its underwriters, but was officially bust three months later.. now that the fsa is investigating the truthfulness of such claims, as well as the hbos reading situation, one can only hope the regulator has re-ordered its priorities.
Please respond us '
Please do not use this email box for general comments or questions.
Web page for general questions about the federal securities laws or your investments..
If you do not want to communicate electronically, either print and fill out a form or write us a letter., our address is sec complaint center, 100 f street ne washington d.C. 20549-0213.. you can also send a fax to 703-813-6965.
Then please contact oshaaeur, (, tm ) s office of the whistleblower protection program right away., osha, is the federal agency that investigates and handles these sorts of whistleblower complaints.. what information should i provide?
We can best respond to you if we receive accurate and complete information., though you are not required to furnish any more information than you wish.
If you have a complaint about a security or a securities salesperson specific details of how why and when you were defrauded or encountered problems with investments or your broker or adviser.
What happens after i send information to the sec.
The funds are clean from terrorist and drug activities.. let me know if you require funding for your business so that we can establish a long, lasting, reliable and fruitful business relationship..
We would like to express our deepest sorrow for the untimely death of your beloved friend and inform you about the life service celebration that will take place at hubbell funeral home on march 5, 2014.
Please be there to honor the memory of your friend with her closest people., our best wishes and prayers.
I hope you are good.
I will advise you to create new email address where we can have safe and sound communication with you, and you have to do so with immediate effect.
I wish to congratulate and inform you that, after a detailed review and due assessment by the imf and world bank global financial stability board, the debt management has ask this office to liquidate all external creditors bills in this second quarter of fiscal year 2017..
Please ask yourself why, after all the fees paid to those crooks, nothing was given back to you or have you taught why, each time you send money, they will come up demanding for another fee which will continue until you are bankrupt.
I know you must have been humiliated in the past.
Please be informed that your ref/payments code is wfsc/07735 and are to be quoted in your corresponding for claim.
I hope this mail finds you in good spirit and in good health, because i am quite aware of your losses in the past years now, through this security office, intelligent track devices.
I wish to inform you that we, the homeland security, is on look out for all the above mentioned.
Name mostly, those who claims to be the director of west african debt, western union and money, gram and a.T.M card offices and including the property recovery benin.. all this mentioned people are impostor and we intend to apprehend them soon..
I want you to please stop communicating and dealing with them until we complete our investigation..
I wish to notify you about the latest development concerning your box of consignment.
As soon as i arrive, i shall call you on your telephone number then meet you in person and hand over your consignment box to you before i return back to washington dc..
I have taken this assignment upon myself because i understand that you have really paid so much on the cost of delivery, but nothing was received by you., so be advice to contact me immediately.
Once, you send the money, try to notify me with the mtcn, for confirmation and for immediate action on the handling over of your fund to you.
I have a very limited time to stay here, so i would like you to urgently respond to this message with the payment.
Remember that after ( 1 day ), you did not make the payment, then i will divert your funds to us government fund or benin government treasury..
Please treat this as matter of urgency.
Note the delivering company diplomatic agent will guide you on delivering process/procedures and how to use your card on his arrival to your country home address, the parcel was registered with the delivering company fastest mode of delivering.
In regards to the delivery of your consignment box convey by courier diplomatic agent.
Yours faithfully, mr smith, raymond a.G, commissioner united states, customs and border protection, ( cbp, ), '
The total amount confirmed, is ,000,000.00 usd..
We wish to confirm with you before we proceed with the transfer of your contract fund to the new account he provided..
Yours truly mr. samson potter, remittance director federal reserve bank ( frb ) '
Please reply me immediately.
If you are not the designated recipient of this message, please destroy it and notify the sender of the error by return.
Please note that this consignment is supposed to have been returned to the united states treasury department as unclaimed delivery due to the delays in concluding the clearance processes.
But you have to assure me of my 40 % share..
Thank you and god bless you.. mr. smith, tully '
This notification email is coming to you from nigeria, interpol command, and please immediately you receive this message.
We will let you know.You can reach us on this line 234801904639, but please dont, foreword this email to any person from africa to avoid them, use it to do their bad work.
On the name of west africa, interpol service, please., [, img, ], https, //ssl.Gstatic.Com/ui/v1/icons/mail/images/cleardot.Gif, [, /img, ], supp., fred, jonah., lagos, international airport, interpol command, nigeria, 234801904639 '
Money., these criminals will be caught unaware and i dont want them to know this new development.
To avoid jeopardizing my investigations, you have to conceal anything that has to do with this exercise to enable me get all the necessary informations required..
So kindly move to your inbox before replying.
So you are advised to present any of your choice on how you want to receive your fund either by atm card or wire transfer.
I am contacting you in regards to the instruction given by united nations, please i will urge you to try and indicate on how you want your fund to be released to you from the two options.
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by email, at the e-mall listed above, to arrange for the destruction or return of the original document to us.
Your limit can be increase to any amount upon your request..
Yours faithfully, scott peter united nations, public relation offic '
In a metal trunk box, weighing approximately 110kg.
Note that this consignment is supposed to have been returned to the united states treasury department or to its country of origin as unclaimed delivery.
But you have to assure me of my 30 % share..
Thank you., samuel alexander '
Be informed that you are not allowed to correspond with any person or offices anymore.
Note your personal contact/communication code with wood forest national bank is ( wf-21121 ).
Collin jorening '
2984-0008-66, be further informed that this power of attorney also stated that you suffered and died of throat cancer.. you are therefore given 24hrs to confirm the truth in this information.
I wish to inform you that, after several meetings regarding some abandon consignment., the senate and office of the presidency has resolved that all the abandon consignments will be send back to the country of its origin..
Therefore, i want you to know that one of the consignment has your name..
I want to know if you are interested to receive your consignment, because we have less than 13 days to send it back to nigeria..
Note, everything has been taken care of by the federal government of nigeria, the united nation and also the fbi and including taxes, custom paper and clearance duty.
But you have to assure me of my 30 % share..
Thank you., sir bruce c. eliot.
This organization is set up to fight against corruption, crime against children, cybercrime, drugs, environmental fastid, financial crime, fugitives maritime, piracy, organized crime, people, smuggling, pharmaceutical crime, terrorism, trafficking in human beings, trafficking in illicit goods, vehiclecrime wanted person, war, crime, weapon works of art, etc.
Do apology for your long transfer of funds from the office as we have decided to handle the payment our self here with our bank of africa here.
Im to inform you for the last time that we are not joking over this.
But i want you to trust me.
I dont want you to loose this fund this time, because you may never get another such good opportunity.
I would not want you to loose this fund out of ignorance.
As soon as bank payment processing fee is paid, you have to trust me.
Bp 2147.
I want you to contact anderson chris.
Want to bet that the real susan is not happy with this impostor with her own website, no less urgent trust from mrs. susan shabangu, deputy minister of safety and security, south africa.
In government., i want your assistance in clearing this money from the financial institute.
However, you have to assure me, and also be ready to go into agreement with me that you will not elope with my fund..
If you agree to my terms, kindly as a matter of urgency, send me an email.
If you want to speak with my attorney, that is fine and okay by me., his chambers will be representing my interest with you.. all correspondence must be made either to my attorney.
If this transaction must succeed., you must not call me if you do not feel comfortable with this transaction.
Do not hesitate to discontinue..
Be notified.
/location 2 ) telephone/mobile awaits your quick response: general sambo, dasuki, (, rtd ) national security adviser to the president federal republic of nigeria. '
Please contact rev.
\
Thank you.
Please note that changes to transaction details will not be possible after authorization.. yours faithfully, sir kelly, hudson executive director claims department, '
The delivery of your atm card will take off tomorrow morning, so reconfirm your delivery.
Be informed that you cannot withdraw more than .500 per day.
Yours faithfully.
Auditor, general federal ministry of finance '
Yates @ usdoj.Gov, return-path, <, resultsf @ gmail.Com, > date, fri, 11, sep, 2015, subject, re inheritance funds, contract funds and lottery winning claims in total sum of ( 50,000,000.00 one hundred and fifty million usd ) from deputy.
This wicked conspiracy, hatched by duo of justice, t.Y waziri and the ministry of finance staffs with numerous fake name want to divert your monies to europe to their account.
Zaineb mousa contact, no text only 1202-688-8145 '
Us dollars or to present non inspection certificate document to back up the consignment are the reason why the consignment is delayed and abandoned, but the non inspection certificate can only be obtained from nigeria republic in africa, where the shipment was tagged in a lower price.
( place of origin ), as we were instructed.. as i did say again, the shipper abandoned it and ran away, most importantly because he gave a false declaration.
After an extensive, close door meeting between the board of directors of the united nations, the world bank-group and international monetary fund ).
Note: we have decided to contact you following the reports we received from anti-fraud international monitoring group.
Time., please contact mr fred thomas, an expertriate mandated by united nations to cover all outstanding claims due to foreigners since 2014 till date.
Civ navsubtorpfac york.
Un assigned agent.
Note your two metal trunk boxes, yellow tag, customs service clearance and irs have been processed, but atlanta, georgia, customs service insisted that your two metal trunk boxes be move from the georgia customs service storage facility within 24 hours to make way for other cargo.
I want you to read below carefully the notice below stand as caution before it is late.
You must be conscious of this project, as i will soon conclude this transaction with you.
Let this stand as a warning before you in case you received any e-mail or calls regarding to this from any individual office organization and banks, claiming to be me., be informed that you may also receive several e-mail and telephone calls from any organization.
I want you to understand that the most important thing for me is your understanding and co-operation..
( 18062010 ) for identification., however, be informed that the part payment, which is 3,000.000.00 million u.S.
Youre, also expected to follow his advice and directives to avoid delay in releasing your payment, because your payment file has already been moved to imf office for processing and verification.
Full names.
Presidential task force on foreign debt, verification and payment, '
Note that this compensation involves business investment, failure, inheritance contracts, lottery dating diplomatic payment e.T.C.
Be aware that one mr. jackson, gary.
Meanwhile, i want you to understand that the diplomat doesnt know the content of the boxes.
Please do not let him know as it is to ensure a safe delivery.
This is the major reason why you must make sure he delivers to your home address immediately to avoid the boxes been tampered and also very important that you call me as soon as you hear from him.
Heres a scam format from an actual known internet scammer, tatsa fabrice, http //antifraudintl.Org/threads/tatsa-fabrice-bamenda-cameroon.52726/.
We have found out that you may be innocent, but the only way you prove that is by complying with us.. you have 48hours to get back to us or call.Failure to do so.
Remember we have all prove through your partner in this deals: emails ..Etc, dont, you email or tell him.
Because we have two method of payment, which is by check or by atm card all documents that will give legal back up to your funds, have been made available for your kind perusal, including the international payment guarantee certificate signed by the office of the presidency.
Note, disregard any email you get from any impostors or offices claiming to be in possession of your compensation funds and forward any emails you get from impostors to this office, so we could act upon it.
Help stop cyber crime.
Dr.Smith anderson.
Sir., be officially informed that the world bank auditors and the international financial monetary agencies which includes the world bank/imf/paris club and the united nations, have compulsorily stopped and embargoed the payment of foreign beneficiaries.
Be informed that you are not allowed to correspond with any person or offices anymore.
Collin jorening '
Right now, we are in the court with mr. president for not completing what he started, and that is bringing bad name to this country.
Note that your fund sum of 2.5million usd together with your compensation fund sum of 1.5million usd total of 4million usd which you are going to receive now, is ready waiting for transfer to you all need from.
In close consultation with the world bank, imf, africa monitoring unit and the european union ( eu ).
Already, a total amount of us0 million has been provided to the bank for this purpose, and it is on first, come first serve.
I wish to inform you that the bank has been instructed to issue in your name an atm cash card with the valued amount of usm.
In addition to that, you should provide the bank with the following details.
To forestall any mistake of issuing the atm card with the wrong information already submitted by mr.Philip 1., full name for confirmation, 2.
Address, were you want them to send the atm card to ( p.O box not acceptable? )
Attach copy of your id card., 6.
In close consultation with the world bank, imf, africa monitoring unit and the european union ( eu ).
I wish to officially n. consequently, the bank has been directed by the world body to off set these outstanding debts using atm swift card payment arrangement.
With this arrangement, i wish to inform you that the bank has been instructed to issue in your name an atm cash card with the valued amount of usm.
In addition to that, you should provide the bank with the following details.
To forestall any mistake of issuing the atm card with the wrong information already submitted by mr.Philip 1., full name for confirmation, 2.
Please note that this consignment is supposed to have been returned to the united states treasury department as unclaimed delivery.
I want us to transact this business and share the money 50 % for you and 50 % for me, since the consignment has not yet been returned to the united states.
But you have to assure me of my 50 % share.
Please we advice that you contact the bank and request for the online account information where the fund is deposited, including the accumulated interest of the fund, since the fund was transfer to the bank as investment fund through undisclosed broker.
Three hundred and sixteen thousand dollars ) mistakenly arrived at republic airport, ny ( frg, ), laguardia-terminal d arrivals via british airways flight no.
Nearest airport to your location, ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., ..; 5.; your occupation, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ... ... ... ... ... ..., therefore writing to inform you that the days of grace has elapsed and we shall begin to charge the daily storage fee of 5usd.
Please contact.
Email address [, ray.Fletcher2 @ aol.Com ] to release this consignment directly to you note that this notice serves as our last recovery notice to you, as our department will be compelled to shortlist.
Already all transfer processing has been concluded in line with the new ( cbn ) payment policy, but before the 379623,500,000.00 millions dollars can be credited into your bank account a payment release.
Please note this if you are not ready to pay the needed fee 04.
Do not reply this message because i will do nothing.
If this notification/massage is found in your spam/junk folder, please move it to your inbox folder.
Usd.5million each.
Authorizationdepartment @ executivemail.Co.Za, ) fica form is very vital to receiving of your funds.. we look forward to your urgent response in this regards and we stand to serve you right.
The united nations board of directors and trustees from the world bank assisted programmed.
You want to use to receive your fund from the above listed means.. you are hereby advised without delay.
Be informed that you are further mandated to quickly contact the bank of ghana, because that is the only place you will receive your fund.
Find below the contact details of kwasi evans.
As soon as you establish a contact with him ensure that you provide a reconfirmation of your present details as below to the officer to effect the change and re-process.
Yours faithfully.
Below is the account submitted, and i want you to confirm if you are aware of the new development, because we are about effecting payment to the account stated: bellow today.
Finally, contact me immediately for further clarification to know.
Phone no 44, 70457, 31777 direccion, general de administracion y finanzas, ministerio de salud, publica y bienestar, social '
Please contact dr. jim ovia for further bank name zenith bank plc.
I apologize on behalf of the united nation organization for any delay you might have encountered in receiving your fund in the past.
Usa embassy, representative unscrupulous elements and impostors that were impersonating.. everything was settled today and the ambassador order, our bank to pack the whole fund into a consignment, box or atm card and ship it to your home.
Try to honour this message.
You should send the sum of 90.00 usd to obtain the needed claiming of ownership certificate from benin republic..
Please try to notify us with the mtcn so that we can contact michael uja for easy pick up and for immediate action on the release of your claiming of ownership.
Note that any unclaimed package will be confiscated by benin republic government after 3days..
Yours sincerely.
Thank you.
Add that to your request, we will collect the required information, verify and endorse your request for faster approval.
Date wed 31 oct 2012 united nation approval payment, valued .5m in your favor., dear sir/madam, the united nation organization.
Note your personal contact/communication code with city bank is (: 511 ).
Type boxed-package wheels 4 wheels handles trolley, handle with top and side handles approximate dimensions: height 3.20 ft width, 2.50 ft depth 1.90 ft.
Note the money will be coming on 2 security proof boxes.
The boxes are already sealed, with synthetic nylon, seal and padded with machine by the management of this organization, and i also want you to know that the management are not aware of my personal plans or arrangement with you in this transaction.
So you have to keep this as a very top secret between both of us till we are able to conclude this very transaction..
Your country.If, you have any question, please feel free.
Ask me asap., most importantly for security reasons and to also enable the both of us.
Note that the diplomat coming with the consignment boxes will not know the original contents..
Please note categorically that before i proceed with the next arrangement, you are advice to call me immediately on my direct telephone number.
I need urgent reply on phone because the boxes are already schedule to live as soon as i hear from you.. you should call me immediately.
Once you are pleased with my terms and condition., congratulations once again.
So i want you to provide your postal address and your personal information.
Update my office once you have being paid by the nnpc through dr.Joseph thlama dawha, the group managing director of the nigerian national petroleum corporation nnpc, as instructed above and call him on phone for your urgent payment.
I repeat: please do not expose my person.
I repeat: please do not expose my person.
As seen on the waybill..
Thanks samuel freeman agent in charge, '
Please keep this transaction to yourself until the fund is finally transferred to your account.. we want you to reconfirm the information bellow.
Subject: ( world bank has given a final order of payment to release your overdue fund. )
Be further informed.
That mandate has been given to the world bank group london to pay you the total sum of us,753,000.00.. we cannot continue sending this payment update to you so be informed that this is the very last time you will receive this update from the world bank.
Finally, you have to stop all your dealing with unscrupulous elements, agents and fake people who called themselves bank officers but refused to tell you, the truth.
And dont ever forward this e-mail message to them for any reason.
Note that, in your response to him, he will now tell you how you will be receiving your payment.. you are therefore advised to contact him through this direct tel or email.
Note that one, mr michael brown was in our office twodays ago that you send him to help.
I and some executive members in the petroleum ministry inflated a contract to the sum of us2,000,000.00 (, thirty-two million united states dollars ) for our personal use, and we want to transfer the above mentioned to your account for safe investment under your care..
So contact.
You have to do this as soon as you receive this message..
2984-0008-66, be further informed that this power of attorney also stated that you suffered and died of throat cancer.. you are therefore given 24hrs to confirm the truth in this information.
Just also be informed that any further delay from your side could be dangerous, as we would not be held responsible of wrong.
So you are advised to present any of your choice on how you want to receive your fund, either by bank draft or by atm card or wire transfer.
I am contacting you in regards to the instruction given by united nations, please i will urge you to try and indicate on how you want your fund to be released to you from the three options.
I want you to know that the federal government of nigeria has set up this scheme to settle all the foreign debts and you are lucky.
Await your prompt, response.
In order to conclude the verification process on time.
I repeat: please do not expose my person.
Note this is a very serious matter.
Here in london.. we are waiting urgently to receive from you.
Regards sean hagan legal department, general counsel, d/l line 44-703 594, 7321 '
Mr charles okadigbo, director atm payment department, the atm card payment center, has been mandated to issue out $ 8,300,000.00 usd as first part quater payment for this fiscal year 2009.. also for your information, you have to stop any further comminucation with any other person.
Email me back as soon as you receive this important message for further direction and also update me on any development from the above mentioned, office.Note, that because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( atm-811 ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it.
Please contact mr. allen, david, an expertriate mandated by united to cover all outstanding claims due to foreigners since 1998 till date.
Im excited because its not easy for the souls lose..
Why i contacting you to be my partner so that we can plan ahead for this deal.
	
I want to inform you about this incident because another of my colleagues have made arrangements to submit their own share through diplomat.
And some of my personal effects and the package will be delivered to you, inperson, where you are live., i want donate 10 % out the money to charity, home organization and church in your country.
Ill, send the box to you without delay., and i believe that, ultimately, god wants to bless me as im about to finish this work for my fidelity throughout my years in the service and humanity., i will leave syria to meet with you immediately.
The only protocol to be observed is for you to get the police extract clearance report of the consignment box, and this clearance certificate shall cost you the sum of 7, and this is the only money you have to pay for the consignment to get to you..
I am special agent jennifer dent the f.B.I.S assistant legal attache in lagos nigeria.. as you must be aware, the legal attache office supports the operational needs in lagos, nigeria, with regional coverage of benin, cameroon, ghana, equatorial guinea, so tome and principle and togo..
I would advise you to accord this correspondence your full indulgence and attention, as you may likely, have been receiving other emails of similar contents from the numerous fraud syndicate and impostors..
I want to assure you that your transfer will now be processed through the simple, transparent and authoritative means where you will not be required to pay any unauthorized fees..
Please discontinue any form of contact with all those you have been dealing with before now, no matter the nature of your relationship with any of these crooks, including your representative, if any.
After the meeting held on 20th may 2011, with delegates from ( i.M.F, ) and united nations.
Kindly bear with us and accept the part payment compensation of us50,000.00, which has been approved to your name until we finalize the modalities and conclusion on when your full inheritance funds will be paid to you in full, which shall also be made known to you shortly..
Ltd for immediate delivery to your doorstep..
Please contact fenway courier express delivery services ltd at the receipt of this notice.
More so remember that an instructions has been passed to mr. martin okoro on your behalf.
If you have received this email in error, please notify us immediately..
Thank you received from [ 46.166.130.134 ] ( port=65048 helo=user ) by 8.Mx.Freenet.Declick to expand ... '
I want you gladly inform you that you will this time have to personally travel to italy or spain and sign release documents inside the italian ministry of finance.
If you get any email telephone calls, faxes in respect of this payment do forward to this office for proper verifications and advice.. as soon as i here from you, i shall update you on how and when to travel to italy or spain..
5508. '
At this moment, i wish to use this medium to inform you that, for the time being, the great britain-government has stopped further payment through bank to bank transfer, which you were previously having with the authority from the originated country over a period of time..
Note the money will be coming on 2 security proof boxes.
The boxes are already sealed, with synthetic nylon, seal and padded with machine by the management of this organization, and i also want you to know that the management are not aware of my personal plans or arrangement with you in this transaction.
So you have to keep this as a very top secret between both of us till we are able to conclude this very transaction..
Your country.If, you have any question, please feel free.
Ask me asap., most importantly for security reasons and to also enable the both of us.
Note that the diplomat coming with the consignment boxes will not know the original contents..
Please note categorically that before i proceed with the next arrangement, you are advice to call me immediately on my direct telephone number 44-703-1930515.
I need urgent reply on phone because the boxes are already schedule to live as soon as i hear from you.. you should call me immediately.
Highly submitted., respectfully yours, in-service steve adams, 44-703-1930515 '
I wish to bring to your notice a partnership proposal that would be of immense financial benefit to the both of us..
In order to conclude the verification process on time.
Attn dear, you may not understand why this mail came to you, but if you are not the right person, please do not reply or claim what is not yours..
Thank you., yours, faithful, secretary-general, mr. ruben, david '
If you are not the intended recipient or have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply, email and delete all copies of this communication and attachments without reading or saving them. '
Five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us,500,000.00 ) only as the compensation of the lost that you incurred, as this was a smaller rate, as some suffered more while others suffered less, and the idea is to restore you back to the position that you would have been.
All that you have to do right now is to contact the undersigned- barclays bank plc.
Please ).
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 25.00 us dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage.
Note this., the dhl courier services dont know the contents of the box..
Let them know that box contents, money ok..
I want you to know that the diplomat would deliver the funds which i have package as a diplomatic compensation to you, and the amount in the consignment is ,000.000.00 (, six million dollars only ).
I want you to know that this funds would help your financial status, as i have seen in record that you have spent a lot trying to receive this funds, and i am not demanding so much from you, but just 40 % of the funds..
It was approved by the world bank that your contract/inheritance fund should be released through co-operative bank london, so you are advised to present any of your choice on how you want to receive your fund either by atm card or wire transfer.
I am contacting you in regards to the instruction given by united nations, please i will urge you to try and indicate on how you want your fund to be released to you from the two options.
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by email, at the e-mall listed above, to arrange for the destruction or return of the original document to us.
Thank you.
( 101 ) officer, mr daniel smith., positionirector intl, remmittance, citibank, london.
I wish to use this medium of communication to inform you that, for the time being, the ( un ) has completely stopped further payment through bank to bank transfer, atm card bank draft or check payment.
The fact is that you cant seem to trust any one again over this payment for what you have been in cantered in many months ago, but i want you to trust me.
This is final and the forms from there becomes effective once we submit your payment application processing fee and pay the form fee of 5.00i dont want you to loose this fund this time, because you may never get another such good opportunity.
I would not want you to loose this fund out of ignorance.
Address lot no.
But now we have sent your full compensation payment of .900 000.00usd to you through money gram.. you will be receiving 0.000.00usd per day, but i want you to contact the management in money gram right now and ask him for your first payment.. his name is (.
Let me know immediately.
Be informed that your fund has been called back and its now in suspended account here in our bank and a new account will be opened in your name before the card is issued..
Yours faithfully, steve grant operator paying bankers ( 234 ) 805-109-7525. '
Note we are here to official inform you that our men have gone to those banks, the western union and money gram offices all over and make references with necessary financial institutions all over the world.
Now all you have to do now is to meet up with our request so that we can release your cheque or the automated teller machine card, ( a.T.M card ) and deliver it to your door step immediately with out having any other problemso.
( a.T.M card ) to you, and you have to come up with our interpolhandling service.
Chargewhich is 0.00 or 20.00 dollars only as you may choose in the below listed this includeed, the chequeor, the automated teller machine card, ( a.T.M card, ) delivery, chargefor, a safe delivery, which the delievry rates are as below statedfor your comprehension.
By speed post 0.00usd 0 interpol handling service, charge=20.
Make this fee payment for our interpolhandling service charge and delivery fee that mustbe firstpay by you as the official owner and the beneficialwhich is 0.Oousd or 20.Oousd.
For security reasons, endeavor to indicate this ( code number ), (, bj/xxl14160 ).
Note that you are advised to respond back to this message without delay so that we can submit your informations to the central bank of nigeria for payment.
Note that you have violated the international monetary fund transfer policy, which is a punishable offense.
Be informed that we have verified your payment agreement file as directed to us.
If, yes, i will like you to get back to me asap, so i can add your name to the beneficiary list..
450,000.00 usd is mapped out for the compensation and we cannot send this funds to your email address alone.
Dr john chris.
It is an instruction from mr. president, barack obama and james comey, the new elected fbi director, who really want to proof that all long time, waiting transaction should be released to the owner in less than 24 hours.
Please understand that i was instructed by the usa government to do this.
The genuine and importance of this transaction - and i will want you to please - keep my information very confidential, as i am going to keep yours too., we have to get this consignment deliver to you as soon as possible.
Get back to me with the needed info today.
I wish to inform you that your payment is being processed and will be released to you as soon as you respond to this letter.. kindly contact the united nation/ imf head office in virginia for your payment immediately donaeur ( tm ) t waste any time.
We are proud of our image and our prayer is, to god, give us more knowledge for our duty.
You have send the money.
Mohammed yesufu '
Regarding the payment of foreign contractors, fund has been regularized and immediate payment schedule has been instructed.. you have to know that the senate committee on local and foreign debt has retrieved all unclaimed funds from offshore/onshore banks.
Please also note that, from the record in federal government database, your outstanding contract payment is 0.000.000.00 (.
( ten million united states dollars ) so that i will be able to pay other contractors.
Direct transfers are difficult and secret diplomatic transit payment, (, s.D.T.P ), are not usually made unless the funds are related to terrorist activities, and we ask: why must your payment be made in a secret transfer if your transaction is legitimate.?
Note, we decided to contact you directly by email to acquire the proper verifications and proof from you to show that you are the rightful person to receive this fund because of the huge amount involved.
Be informed that the funds are now with a top bank in the united state, in your name and under the monitoring/custody of the fbi.. at the moment, we have asked the bank not to release the fund to anybody that comes to them.
If you have it in your possession, if you do not have it, then let us know so that we will direct you to the appropriate authority to obtain the certificate.
It is intended for the addressee, ( s, ) only., access to this e-mail by anyone else is unauthorized..
If you are not an addressee, any disclosure or copying of the contents or any action taken, ( or not taken ) in reliance on it is unauthorized and may be unlawful..
If you are not an addressee, please inform the sender.
Britsh bank sabb here in london.
Well known to all the european union diplomatic storage facility, is the mother bank of all diplomatic agency in europe and world in general.. really these men were unexpected by me because their visit was impromptu..
At least you should have informed me as the protocol officer of this office..
I told them to come back and they promised to come back.. as the protocol officer of this noble office, i was supposed to release this funds to them, but i refused to do so because i wanted to hear from you first.
Most importantly, you should treat this communication with top confidentiality.
Yours faithfully, simons jean-paul protocol officer for external private relations, office of united nations association, ( una-uk, ), /european union d.S.F international fund reconciliation settlement, london, united kingdom '
So you are advised to present any of your choice on how you want to receive your fund either by atm card or wire transfer.
I am contacting you in regards to the instruction given by united nations, please i will urge you to try and indicate on how you want your fund to be released to you from the two options.
Note your personal contact/communication code with mr. mark edward is ( xp009 ).
If you have received this communication in error, please notify us by email, at the e-mall listed above, to arrange for the destruction or return of the original document to us.
Thank you., a ( c ) 2009 united nations and usa government.
Reply: now.
Sheikh ahmad moaz, al-khatib, '
( 2 ) advise on lucrative areas of investment.
Please send reply to indicate your willingness in assisting us so that i will direct you on what next to do.
Yours faithfully, shehu usman '
Ive gotten an email from agent, scott douglas breele, saying that i have a lottery winning numbers from london..
Valid until 22nd of march 2011.
Note, the said amount of 0.500 000.00 will be released into any account of your choice upon the confirmation of the needed documents from you.
Ashok kumar for united nations global finance melt down '
Banks and organizations ) are claiming to release numerous sums of fund via numerous ways.. everything have been programmed here in the un-escap database in such a way that you should receive your package before the general workshop on strengthening national capacities to deal with international migration.
Remember that you are not paying any fees.
Once again note that the actual fedex retail price 50.00 usd your price ( because of our contract signed ) 00.00 usd ( 0.00 usd savings.
Please take note that you will pay a shipping/handling claimant fee of 6 usd.
Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail..
Get back to us, so that we can advice you on how to receive the fund.
Respond immediately to receive your funds.
Note that the government requires you to receive this fund so that we can get the tax from the fund after the transfer into your account..
Please we have this morning discovered that you have been making foreign illegal transactions with western unions, money grams, diplomatic agents and banks with west african countries, (, benin, nigeria, ghana, etc.
Before you commenced, the transaction., you want to receive such huge amount of money from western union head quater, benin republic, which is a foreign transaction..
Note that your rights are limited.
Think we donaeur (, tm ) t know you or your address.. we will get you arrested if you fail to provide the document or pay for it to be obtained from benin republic..
Thank you very much for your anticipated co-operation in advance.
As we earnestly await your urgent response regards to this matter.
Date 27/02/2013.
All your efforts to secure the release of your fund failed.. we therefore wish to advise you that, if continuing with such illegal acts to claim your contract/inheritance funds will further frustrate and stop your payment claim., we have received the express mandate and instructions from mr.President.
Based on the president directive.
Take notice that you are warned to stop further communications with any other person, ( s ) or office; ( s ) different from the staff of the atm card payment center or dr david anthony to avoid hitches in receiving your payment.
Deliver the consignment box to you not knowing that the content of the box is cash in u.S dollar bills..
In this regards, you are prove to us that the money you are about to receive is legal.
Please note that we shall get back to you after the 3 working business days and if you dont come up with the certificate we shall confiscate the funds into the government.
Deliver to you.
When the packages were being deposited made you the beneficiary of a package containing some amount of money and stated clearly that you should only be contacted when the time signed for it to be in our care elapses, and the time has already elapsed.
You wish to receive your funds.
Kindly respond to this office so that your payment will be process and transferred under 72hours of receiving this email.
Yesterday we discovered that your file was dumped untreated, so at this junction we apologize for the delay of your payment and please stop communicating with any office now and attention to the appointed office below for you to receive your payment accordingly.
Please feel free to contact.
C/o, federal bureau investigations, ( f.B.I, ) criminal investigations, bureau, (, c.I.B, ), international monetary funds, ( i.M.F, ), all security agencies.
Take note that your payment file was forwarded to us for a conclusive investigation towards the immediate transfer of a part-payment of us,500,000.00.
Beware that few of the criminals have been caught and brought to justice as we do speak.. we, the federal intelligence of the metropolitan police service, { m.P.S }, in conjunction with the department of homeland security, {, dhs } of the united states of america, national security agency.
Please read carefully.
Your personal identification number is 822, which you have to forward to our agent for identification..
The only money you have to send to rev.
The reason why i did all this is because i dont want your shipment to go back to african and i dont want to confiscate your consignment so that president obama will not use your funds for his ongoing campaign.
You must keep this gesture to your self alone, because, according to internal revenue code, ( irc ) in title 26 also contain reporting requirement on a form 8300 report of cash payment over 0,000 received in a trade or business money laundering activity may violate 18 usc.
Now get back to me immediately.
Reply fast, ok., yours in service agent, felix wells, regional, deputy director anti-terrorist and crime monitory div '
Gov to [, cc.Jennetwilliams @ cia.Gov, ] sent tuesday september 25 2012 subject regarding fund release fund release.
Note that it is unlawful to engage conspire with whosever to import cash into the united states as it is punishable by law.
If your ready to receive your fund and told us the way you may use to receive it from us reserve bank of india.
Note, you have 24 hours to reply to avoid return.
Please, if you did not receive our mail in the inbox of your mail check spam junk bulk can be result of low network note.
After reviewing your online email communication messages on your unsuccessful transactions with most european and other foreign banks in africa, we wish to let you know that we have communicated with most of these foreign banks that withheld most international payments to individual accounts, so as to find out.
To resolve this issue, we wish to let you know that we have approved to release only the total sum of three one united states dollars: ( ,000,000.00 usd ) to enable you start up your own business.
By the virtue of the provision of the law which confer on us powers to advocate, adjudicate, suspend and authorize an immediate transfer of your funds internationally.
Until this clarification is made.. failure to properly apply for the funds release for transfer to you within 7 days will nullify your chances of receiving this funds, and this funds will be confiscated and made to be forfeited under the money laundering and other financial crime.
You may nominate overseas..
But, where the share percentage rate is not acceptable by you.
What we need from you is that you provide a vital account into which the funds will be transferred/lodged into.. we wish to assure you that your involvement should you decide to assist us, will be well protected..
Contact me immediately for further clarification to know.
What i just need from you now is your corporation.
You have to seize communication with any other person different from me to avoid been mislead.
Allow anyone to deceive you.
If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents nor copy or show it to anyone..
Please contact the sender if you believe you have received this email in error. '
Please note that you shall be responsible for the fee for re-lodgment and change of ownership back to your name..
Please do not hesitate to email us if there are further complications for guidelines.
Please view above message for full details and get back to me.
Please note that the deadline for claiming your fund is exactly one week after the receipt of this email.. after this period, your fund will be return back to the ordering costumer.. that is the instruction given to us.
Thank you very much for your anticipated co-operation in advance, as we earnestly await your urgent response to this matter.
At least you should have informed me as the protocol officer of this office..
I told them to come back and they promised to come back.. as the protocol officer of this noble office, i was supposed to release this funds to them, but i refused to doso, because i wanted to hear from you first.
I will not want to make any mistake in releasing this fund to anyone except you whom is the recognized bone fide beneficiar.
We cross-checked all legal documentation in the boxes and were about to release the consignment to the diplomat when we found out that the boxes is lacking, one very important documentation which, as a result, the boxes have been confiscated until the required document is provided..
Please forgive me for intruding into your privacy..
Note that this delivery is urgent and once we receive all the necessary attachments required of you, we shall start processing all the relevant documents that will empower the diplomat to successfully make delivery to you without interference of any law enforcement agents in your country.
Nana innocent '
But has since not shown up., i am writing to you to inform you that the days of grace has expired and we shall begin to charge the storage fee of 0usd daily..
Note that this notice serves as our last recovery notice to you as our department will be compelled to list your package as an unclaimed and maybe forfeited.
Is me richard gilbert, god bless.
Be informed that you are not allowed to correspond with any person or offices anymore.
Please note that you must make this claim on or before seven working days of forfeiling it.
 '
Sat 31 mar 2012.
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card issuance center, with your contact.
Meanwhile, do not be taken unaware that all the necessary document backing the fund up has been forwarded to the custody of the paying bank to ensure smooth release of your .920,000 to you, as directed by us.
Meanwhile, do not forget your code of conduct, ( atm-uno/uncc-ap2920 ) when contacting the bank as it is very important..
Note the reason you are receiving this notification in your mailbox is because we found your name in our list of people.
Cimb bank group.
If, after seven working days, no response is received from you.
____________ thanks yours faithfully, sir.
Note that all necessary documentation to make the withdrawal of the fund legal and free from any breach of the law has been made by the federal government of nigeria.
So please, you have to abide to all informations as you are been directed.
Based on findings/reports from our financial crimes investigators.
Note under normal circumstances.
You are now to be rest assured that this transaction is legitimate and completely risk-free, as it is our duty to protect and serve citizens of the united states of america.. all you have to do is immediately contact.
Please note that some fraudsters are claiming to be directors or staffs of the economic and financial crimes.
Copy available on request. '
So if you want to receive your funds this way, please let us know by contacting the atm payment center, so they can key in your funds in the central computer directing what to do.
Your full name: 2 ) country of origin, 3 ), your complete house address (, where you want your atm card to be delivered. )
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( atm-555 ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the atm card payment center by using it as your subject.
I want you to know that during the last u.N. meetings held at abuja federal republic of nigeria, it was alarmed so much by the world in the meetings on the lost of funds by various individual to scam artist operating in syndicates all over the world today..
According to section 229, subsections, 31 of the 1991 constitution on release of unclaimed consignment payment, your consignment lacks funds ownership certificate, and for that reason you must contact me for direction on how to procure this certificate.
So that your consignment can be legally cleared and okay for delivery to you.You are required to contact this bureau within 72 hours or we would take it that you do not want your consignment and would move it to the treasury.
If you are not the intended recipient of this communication, please delete it permanently without copying, disclosing or otherwise using its contents and notify the sender immediately.
If you know that you really want to save your life and the future of your family, we are advising that you secure the free citizen certificate so that your name can be shortlisted from the scammers list, which has already been submitted to the international crimes department.
So you should rush now to western union and make this payment with this information right now, so that you will get this needed certificate for your life.
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issue you a communication code, ( hm2010x ).
If you are one of our creditors, please forward your letter of claim immediately for your payment..
I know we have a bad image on monetary transactions, but be rest assured of this new government determination to turn our country around and regain its proper place in the committee of nations.. you will be glad you did.
For time being, you have to stop communicate with impostor right now to enable you to receive your fund.. malaysia adopted the new system since 4 years ago, wherewith, the united nations were forced to bring in delegates to represent the state in africa.
It can monitor all transactions, bank transfers and many more online duties within an hour.. we found out that you had pass through a lot of hell from the hands of this impersonators in the stead we decided to intervene into the situation..
Please forward your letter of claim immediately for your payment..
I know we have a bad image on monetary transactions, but be rest assured of this new government determination to turn our country around and regain its proper place in the committee of nations.. you will be glad you did.
We can help you, but if you really need the certificate be release to you, you have to abide with the charges fees.. we wish you and your partner good luck., do have a great day.
Regard smith, cole, '
Im new on the anti-fraud international forum.
Ive been recieving obvious scams from bank of nigeria, etc for quite some time.
I take it very seriously., todays newest obvious scam, sent to me posted below this is source and will show copy of letter https //snt122.Mail.Live.Com/mail/g ... folderid=66666666-6666-6666-6666-666666666666.
You are enlisted as one of the 48 beneficiaries of 00,000 compensation scheme go through this page to know more about me before i elaborate more http //en.Wikipedia.Org/wiki/bassey_otu after you must have read through my page.
Home aeurc/ contact us aeurc/, local fbi offices, good-day sir/ma.
Is the man informations he provided to the bank to use and transfer the fund to his account name.
Sac ibison special agent in charge.
I have an urgent information which you might find very useful.
Luiz johnson '
Attention my good friend, how are you today hope all is well with you and family.
You may not understand why this mail came to you.. we have been having a meeting for the past 7 months, which just ended 2 days ago, with the secretary to the united nations..
I apologize to you for any delay you might have encountered in receiving your fund in the past.
We also want to bring to your notice that there is presently a counter claims on your compensation funds.
Valued 0,800,000.00 usd by one john wheeler, who ispresently trying to make us believe that you are dead and even claimed that you entered into an agreement with him to help you in receiving your fund.
In case you did not appoint mr. john wheeler, and you want to take advantage of your overdue compensation/contract payment.
We are waiting for your urgent confirmation and we want you to provide us with the above mentioned information, so that we can process a swift transfer of your inheritance fund to your designated bank.
I would like to let you know that your payments have been currently put into the international payments.
Let us know immediately.
<, /font, >, <, /div, >, <, div, >, < font, size=3, face=times, new roman >, < /font > < /div, >, <, div, >, < font, size=3, face=times, new roman >.
We want you contact the compensation payment department immediately for your claim..
Please you are to notify us when you receive this email.
Let us know immediately.
Thank you for your understanding.
With your sincere assistance and co-operation, be so kind to contact me at your earlier convince..
Your contract fund/inheritance fund is read for immediate payment, but before we can go ahead to make the payment with the new account number presented to us by your representative, we would like to notify to you once more again.
Best regards senator idris maitu., chairman of the commission, treat, as matter of urgency, received from user (.
Phone 44.
I apologize on behalf of the organization for any delay you might have encountered in receiving your fund in the past.
Hope to hear from you as soon as you get in contact with mr. jonathan roy and successfully receive your compensation fund.
Again dont be deceived by anybody to pay any other money except 25.00 us dollars..
I would have paid that, but they said no because they dont know when you will contact them and in case of demurrage.
As stated herein., we wish to inform you of the need for you to also re-confirm the following information before the first city monument bank plc, ny to enable the officer in-charge to proceed with the preliminary arrangements.
That will enhance the immediate release of your funds.. owing to security reasons, be clearly informed that we will not respond to any phone calls/general inquiries placed to our bank with regards to the remittance of your funds by beneficiaries, as we are barred from doing so.
Thank you for your anticipated co-operation.
Treat as urgent.
If you are not the recipient, please immediately notify federal reserve bank of new york by return, email and delete this message from your computer.
I will be ready to help you get your fund, but you have to help me.
Keep it as a secret to enable me help in deliver your fund as the nigeria police force principal officer.. you better believe me or forget, contacting me again, but i know that they will never tell you the truth, because they are all thieving criminals.
Get back to me and i will tell you the possible way to get your fund delivered to you without the consent of anyone, i know, god will reward me after all..
Kindly accept our congratulations.
Let you have your lottery/inheritance payment..
Please be informed that a payment of ,900,000.00 (, seven million nine hundred thousand united states dollars ) only was approved to be paid to you, but this money has not yet been paid out to your account..
Enough of all that..
I want to work with you to move these funds to your account within 72 hours, if only you can accept to work with me..
Believe me, if you work with these bank executives, the un office and the government officials, all they will keep doing, will be to delay the transfer while they make more profit with your payment..
If you will not be able to handle the secret part of this, please let me know, and i will never contact you again, because what i want is to see that justice is done and your money is released to you..
This payment is in your name and belongs to you, so you should have it..
Un office lagos-nigeria '
Yours faithfully, sir.
I will want to have a deal with you, because the name in the contract file is related to your name.
Please note that we are going to do this.
Release/transfer legally.. can i trust you with the receipt and the secrecy of this fund?
I have sort out this private email account for this purpose..
Thank you.
We would like to know and to confirm if you are the one that gave him the power of claim, if yes kindly provide a letter of claim from a chief judge or from a reputable attorney in your country before we can release your fund to her.
Will be delivered to you via diplomatic delivery or through bank transfer, kindly notify this office asap.
Re-confirm and send the following information to the coordinator: 1., full names, 2., residence, address3., telephone/fax, number, 4.
Note due to activities of impostors, we hereby issue you, our transaction code, wdsc331.
Ng.. bear in mind that you will be required to indicate this code [ wdsc331 ng ] in any/all correspondence with this office payment center by using it as your subject line for prompt attention to your application.
You wish to receive your funds.
Kindly respond to this office so that your payment will be process and transferred under 72hours of receiving this email.
We have an information that you are still dealing with some greedy officials here in an attempt to secure the release of your fund.. we wish to formally advise you that such an illegal act has to stop if you wish to receive your payment.
We would like to know and to confirm if you are the one that gave him the power of claim, if yes kindly provide a letter of claim from a chief judge or from a reputable attorney in your country before we can release your fund to him.
Will be delivered to you via diplomatic delivery or through bank transfer, kindly notify this office asap.
Note due to activities of impostors, we hereby issue you, our transaction code, wdsc331 ng., bear in mind that you will be required to indicate this code.
Due to problems between myself, my co partners, who want my down fall.
Remember that this transaction requires absolute secrecy and confidentiality for a smooth completion.
Although we have some of this information with us, we want to be sure that you are the beneficiary of the said funds..
Occupation, 5.Age nearest airport regards mr. simon dike., external reserves, credit manager, ( state comptroller, ), '
It is our concern that you should discontinue any further communications with any person/persons claiming to be working with any other bank/security company, henceforth, as they have been stopped by the un, to avoid any duplication of efforts in diverting your funds to a wrong account..
Treat this mail immediately as your fund is ready and available to be released to you.
Our behalf..This transfer is risk free on both sides..
Await your urgent response.
Have been instructed to back up from your transaction and you have been advised not to respond to them anymore, since the imf is now directly in charge of your payment...
You may not understand it because you are not a nigerian.
Please check amoung these names.
If there is any one among then who have scam ed you, if, yes get back to me for legal action to be taken.
I hope this is clear.
Sukowatey mary k, commissioner united nations, compensation, commission, ) '
I have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me.
N.B, please email your confidential telephone and fax numbers to enable me contact you for further clarifications. '
Note your personal contact/communicationcode with citibank is ( 511 ).
This has now resulted in bringing the usa and british government into the case, and we really want you to explain to us what you know about this transfer/payment bank name standard chattered bank bank, address 138-141 1st floor edinburgh tower the landmark 15 queens road.
Suleman yusuf, chairman contract verification/review panel and foreign debt, payment '
How are you today please, this email message is coming to you from benin republic, international police command, (, interpol, ).
We touch them and they comfesed that the .500.000usd belongs to you, but they wanted to shift it to someone who can help them and keep it well in malaysia.
They also said that they have contacted you several times regards the fund, but you do not complied as they can transfer the fund to you thats why they wanted to achieve the atm card, their self.
To avoid much delaying the .500.000usd are safety in our treasure, but we will like to hear from you before we will proceed with the payment, but the best you have to do now is that you should keep away from anyone in internet.
Lastly.. we did this that way to avoid any story with your atm card, because these gentle men called anthony peter and john obi wanted to shift the card, and for now they are under our care on which they must serve benin, goverment six months in jail.
Be advised that any letter or claims notification received from anybody or company should be forwarded to us with immediate effect..
As we are monitoring every move, now., please be advised and be aware that your funds had been insured and the necessary charges would be taken care of by you, as confirmed by the monitoring network.
Sincerely steven m. dean, ( assistant, special agent-in-charge ) federal bureau of investigation, ( fbi, ) '
Be informed that your payment sum of usd.5 million (, one million five hundred thousand united state dollars ), has been arranged with the international money gram transfer office, benin rep., to send your payment via money, gram transfer.
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it as your subject.
Yours in service, sir jeremy matt hamilton admin, secretary international settlement, dept, london., international monetary fund, (, imf, ), '
We are to transfer their wining prize of the total sum of the .5 million dollar for second categories, but before we could proceed with this, we want you to reconfirm your information to us in other to avoid transferring your money to wrong person.
Contact our headquarter with the below information to enable us act, as we stated to you.
Note that so far so good, we have satisfied sixteen of our clients, six of them in the united states, three in australia, two in france, one in india and one in fiji and three in switzerland.
Be informed that we will only accept your response by telephone or throught.
Best regards sir peter williams., chairman ( unrc ) received from [ 41.222.192.87 ] by web29606.Mail.Ird.Yahoo.Comclick to expand ... 229-93843698. http, //www.Google.Com/search, hl=en and ... tng=google search and aq=f and aqi= and aql= and oq= and gs_rfai= '
Email, [, ed-kelly @ gala.Net, ], '
Nevertheless, the un global fund support ( ungfs ) will only attend to you on a legitimate deal where all contact/communication will be based on proof of your personality and otherwise, as documented and listed on the beneficiary list and other concerned office.
Please treat this as top priority.
If proper attribution is given to the un global fund, support.
If you wish to receive your payment, since we have decided to bring a solution to your problem.
The atm card payment center has been mandated to issue out ( ,300,000.00 ) as part payment for this fiscal year 2010.. also for your information, you have to stop any further communication with any other person.
Note that because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( atm-11.
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it, as your subject.
Whom the country of nigeria/benin, bokinafaso and ghana have recompensed you due to meeting held with four countries, government and the world high commissions against fraud activities by the four country citizens.
Your name was among those scammed, as listed by the nigeria financial intelligent unit, ( nfiu ), a re compensation has been issued out in atm debit card to all the affected victims and has been already in distribution to all the bearers..
I ask that if you find no interest in this project that you should discard this mail., i ask that you do not be vindictive and destructive..
If my offer is of no appeal to you delete this message and forget, i ever contacted you.
Do not destroy my career because you do not approve of my proposal.. you may not know this, but people like myself, who have made tidy sums out of comparable situations, run the whole private banking sector..
Let me know, and let me move on with my life, but do not destroy me..
I wish to inform you that, should you contact me via official channels, i will deny knowing you and about this project..
I repeat, i do not want you contacting me through my official phone lines.
Nor do i want you contacting me through my official email, account.
Do not want any direct link between you and me.. my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total quality management.
Please again note i am a family man.
Do not betray my confidence..
Note all informations contained here in is deemed by the united states government, as top secret and leakng of aforementioned informations is a federal offence punishable by life impresonment..
S department of justice, '
God, correct amount:50.00 on the confirmation of the above required fee, the required document will be release to you, which, after you will forward to the fbi, washington d.C, for the release of the funds.
Note that the total amount of your money available with the fbi, washington d.C, is 0,500,000.00 (, ten million five hundred thousand united state dollars ).
********private and confidential. '
We wish to inform you of your selection as one of our beneficiary for on going financial empowerment program.
According to the meeting held on commission for social development on 48th session ( un headquarters 22nd of june 2010 ) in collaboration with barack hussein obamas foundation in united state of america., all participants/beneficiaries were selected randomly from worldwide online networks.
Directories., i ted turner un foundation chairman wish to inform you of your selection as one of the beneficiary of j2.8 million great british pounds sterling ) for the on going 2010 financial empowerment program worldwide..
So at this juncture, we apologize for the delay of your contract payment and please stop communicating with any office now and attention to the appointed office below for you to receive your payment.
Therefore, you are qualified now to received and confirm your payment with the federal government of nigeria immediately within the next 24hrs.
The payment copy slip, and also you should reconfirm your banking details secret code, no, which is ( xxtn013 ).
Notewe, have mounted our security network to monitor every in-coming calls and emails.
Be informed that there are several bank accounts submitted for your payment by your partner.
Be rest assured that immediately these payment irregularities are cleared, you would receive your fund remittance analysis for clearance of funds into your account.
Note that we are bound to recognize mr. scot allen, kahls claim if you fail to promptly response to this inquiry following the deed of assignment he submitted to claim this payment.
Make sure you get back to this office as soon as possible, so that the necessary action will be taking immediately..
Thank you., yours truly senator james a. kachi, director international finance unit, '
8646 for update on your fund release.. we sincerely apologize for the inconviniences.
Please do confirm to me immediately.
Accept our apology.
Thank you., although this e-mail and all attachments, if any, are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened.
Choose and indicate a 4 digit pin.
Endeavour to call the contact person on phone to confirm if your mail was received..
Note down that the foreign affairs ministry on diplomatic issues recently signed a contract with the ups to oversee the safety delivery of the atm master card.
Treat as urgent.
Bank address 7 ) account no.
Note your personal contact/communication code with citibank is 643.
Be informed that you are not allowed to correspond with any person or office anymore from nigeria, be warned.
For the immediate payment of your first installment amount of us50,000.00, with reference number kindly contact today by email or telephone our payment coordinator in the united kingdom, please contact today by telephone or email.
Once again; congratulations.
I wish to bring to your indulgence the case file n0 hbuk/fd12m/10039/04.. on november 6 2004, a canadian oil consultant/contractor chavez, rudenick flaharty, made a fixed deposit to valued at seventy five million, seven hundred thousand british pounds sterlings in a bank.
This bills is overdue for payment to you, so we urge you to come and file up for the claiming of the said funds and estate investment immediately.. we hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely sarah bash secretary-rhct '
His lists one of his degrees as a con., you have to admit that for a criminal he is honest.
Mending exercise going on., you may or may not have lost money to some corrupt officials trying to get this funds over a period of time now.. you are advised to stop all communications henceforth and receive your funds through a first class diplomatic means within four days..
I urge you to take this message seriously and with an open mind, you could never know..
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
You may not understand why this mail came to you.. we have been having a meeting for the passed 7 months, which ended few days ago with the gen secretary to the united nations..
Remember your consignment.
Although we have been able to come up with some good result about the people that have extorted money from people and you illegally, and i wish to list them so that you will personally indicate them by writing back because we want to make your payment to you.
Note that the only office/paying bank that have right to pay or contact you in this transfer is the director international remittance department, bank of america, which has been headed by the bank governor.
Please do re-confirm to this office as a matter of urgency.
Please be informed that for easy disbursement we have instructed the special envoy in nigeria, mr smith, anderson, to release your due compensations, via only through atm master card payment and via 24 hours.
You may not know this sender.
Confirm the receipt of this message.
Date 27/11/2009.
Based on the president directive.
Take notice that you are warned to stop further communications with any other person.
Just like the poltergeists in the movie poltergeist -- theyre back.
This is an instruction passed by the united nations in respect to all over delayed payment and debt re-scheduling.. we will send you an international swift atm card that has been approved in your favor with card number 5301236451206002, with valued sum of 15,810.00 usd (.
Please note that the ups courier company is fully insured by nicon insurance corporation.
Please do confirm that you will take responsibility for the cost of delivery - ( 100gbp ), so that i will know how to proceed with you..
Please be informed that the delivery will be made to your address in 48 hours, ( 2 days ).
After our confirmation of this payment for delivery, as you know that the delivery fee receipt will be also attached on your payment delivery documents to avoid your package being delayed by customs., treat urgently and note that your atm card is ready and available for dispatch to you..
Tell dr. bonny way that you received a message from the office of the senate, instructing him to send you.
Government to her foreign investors be officially informed that we have verified your contract file and have consequently find out that why you have not received your overdue inheritance.
Please quote: file number during contact # boe/atm/cbx/021/09.
You are warned in your own interest, stop further communication with any institution offices or persons claiming to have relevance to the payment of your overdue funds.
Irrevocable release of your payment.. we have actually been authorized by the newly appointed un secretary general and the governing body of the united nations monetary unit to investigate the unnecessary delay of your inheritance fund recommended and approved in your favour.
Congratulations.. sarah dishner united nations '
An atm card has been issued out: usd 6.8 million to 5 lucky recipients, fill out below information and send it to the payment remittance office.
Date 05/10/2009.
Take notice that you are warned to stop further communications with any other person.
Attn contract inheritance beneficiary., dear sir/madam, i have been waiting for you since to contact me for your confirmable bank draft of ,500.000.00 united states dollars part-payment of your inheritance funds., but i did not hear from you since that time.
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the atm dept center in eco bank by using it as your subject.
Try to contact them as soon as possible to quicken the processing of your card before your draft gets.
We are giving out a yearly donation to 10 lucky recipients as funding/aid from the european union, european commission, united nations, uk government and the united states 2009 recovery plan..
Im waiting to hear.
If mr. doeaeur ( tm ) s estate does exceed .500,000 or is probated, please do not complete and return this affidavit.
To have your beneficiary fund settled once and for all., of course, in the hope that you must have been aware of the past financial leakages in the european foreign inheritance payment system and frustrations associated there.
(, like your self ), was subjected to unnecessary bureaucratic bottlenecks in lieu of claiming funds due them.
I wish to inform you that inland bond finance and security bank plc has been instructed to issue in your name, an atm cash card with the valued amount of us.3m.
In addition to that, you should provide the bank with the following details: to forestall any mistake of issuing the atm card with the wrong information already submitted by mr. fred smith.
The atm card payment center has been mandated to issue out ,500,000.00 as part payment for this fiscal year 2009.. also for your information, you have to stop any further communication with any other person.
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issued you our code of conduct, which is ( atm card payment office code, -- -801 ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it, as your subject.
Hope everyone got the same, kick out of it.
I told them that i want to come to their office and do all process myself and collect my money cash..
I hope you will understand my mail, because my english is not very good..
If you have received your lost money, write that the nigerian court of appeal and ask them to remove your contact from their notice bo ard..
Reply before it is too late.
Km 32 badagry expressway mechaic bux, stop mebamu okokomaiko lagos, nigeria to undisclosed-recipients the resolution panel senate committee on appropriation and finance aso rock villa aeur, fct, abuja good day to you.
Kindly notify this office asap.
Joseph johnson, email, atmpayingdepartment @ ymail.Com direct telephone 0112348082529782.
Note due to activities of impostors, we hereby issue you, our transaction code, atm234 ng., bear in mind that you will be required to indicate this code.
Secteur fournisseur, d. accas internet '
You 7.03, so you save 7.03.. take note that anyone asking you for some kind of money above the usual fee is definitely a fraudster and you will have to stop communication with every other person.
If you have been in contact with any.. also, remember that all you will ever have to spend is 14.97, nothing more, nothing less and we guarantee the receipt of your fund within the next 3 working days after the receipt of payment.
Ups tracking number.
It would be appreciated if you could also help us with advices and direction on investing into profitable ventures in your country..
You are hereby given a code of conduct reference number cbn/atmscxx0x5x7x5x07.. you must indicate your code of conduct reference number cbn/atmscxx0x5x7x5x07 when contacting the deputy governor financial sector surveillance cbn.. congratulations best regards senator jimoh ibrahim, chairman senate committee on foreign affairs.
If you are not the intended recipient of this email and its attachments, you must take no action based upon them, nor must you copy or show them to anyone..
Please contact the sender if you believe you have received this email. '
How are you today hope all is well with you and your family.
Be informed that all the bank drafts atm and other fund that was on hold by customs, drug law enforcement agency and others asking for one charges and another from africa.
You have to stop any further communication regards to your fund with any office in africa or europe.. you have to contact senator tunde ogbeha, the chairman house committee, payment and verification on foreign contractors and foreign affairs office of the presidency, lagos nigeria.
Note any money you send to africa to receive your payment is at your own risk.
I wish to let you know that the presidency has mandated and instructed us that we should immediately verify all this and carryout your payment without further delay to avoid any embarrassment.
Do you any good get back to me a.S.A.P, to enable us commence e with immediate processing of this transfer.
This mail should be taken as a matter of urgency and treated with care.. we wish to inform you that your fund has been programmed to be transferred to the account below following series of document tendered by your representative, mr. micheal jurgen, and your lawyer.
It was stated in their letter that, due to some inevitable circumstance beyond your control, ( ill health, ) that you will not be able to conclude or carry out your contractors obligation to receive to your contractual entitlement and therefore wish that the fund should be transferred to.
Ten thousand five hundred united states dollars ) per day..
Note that, because of impostors, we hereby issue you our code of conduct, which is ( atm-112/2009 ).
So you have to indicate this code when contacting the card center by using it as your subject..
Kindly reply: usas asap.
The information contained in this transmission is confidential, proprietary or privileged and may be subject to protection under the health, insurance, portability and accountability, act of 1996 or other legal sanction..
If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply, e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. '
I hope you understand that this a deal and i can not come openly to claim the money and, moreover, we are not allowed as a matter of government policy to operate any foreign account because of our status as civil servant.
Please note that this 5 % for repaying expenses will be accessible when funds confirms in your bank account.
Be informed that this business is genuine and 100 % risk free.
Anticipating your urgent reply, please note that this transaction is strictly confidential.
Please read the following: emails and contact the paying bank immediately.
Be informed that your payment sum of 50,000.00 usd has been arranged with the paying bank to send your payment via western union money transfer..
Is 6.8 million usd ( sex million eight hundred thousand dollars )?
Finally, you are advised to forward to mr. mark udo, via the email address, below your receiving account, where you want this fund to be remitted and do send him all your contact information to enable him wired the funds to you within the set five working days..
You have to reach him for the immediate release of your funds.
As given above a grant of probate and court order will be processed and forward to chase, instructing them to release and deliver the fund to you within 72hrs.
Remember that you are not paying any fees extra, no matter, what.
I want you to know that, as far as the office of the special adviser is concerned, all letter of notification of your payment has been sent to us..
Please contact me immediately.
Were you want them to send?
Date, 30th january 2009, our ref na/frn/2009, your ref ... ... ... ... ... ..
If you want to get your fund courier to your home, address contact our affiliate courier company (, the airlogistics limited ) for the onward delivery of fund.
Name, dr chris odonnell email, [, air_logistics1 @ hotmail.Com, ] best regards stephen harry powll compliance board, general counsel, c.C, ms. norah barger (, associate director division of banking supervision, ) c.C office of the comptroller of the currency, c.C gerard lemos, independent director banking code standards board. '
Note your payment identification number / communication code with citibank.
Since you are next on our inheritance file for the second part of this fiscal year 2008., your personal identification is atm- 7997.
We have concoulded yesterday with the governor of eco bank, here in benin republic, that you should start receiving your paymenyt of 000,000.00 usd through westerrn union money transfer from tomorrow, but you will be receiving 000 usd only per a day.
I personally compiled the names of those that will receive their payment through this office, and i want to include your name and infomations along the other eleven foreign beneficiaries in this 2nd phase of payment.
Note that this million us dollars belongs to one of the late customer of unity: bank plc, mr. charles luna, w bush, who died since 2003 and has nobody to claim his money.
So i want to present you as the next of kin and beneficiary to the money so that when the money is transfered to your specified bank account, both of us will share the money.
Also be informed that i will soon be going back to my base in the switzerland and i want to keep a legacy so that i will be remembered after i have left this office.
Send your urgent reply to my box.
The only cost you have to bear as a beneficiary is the handling/delivery cost of 20 payable to the account department of the bank..
Thank you and be advised to act as soon as possible.. yours faithfully senator solomon lar, legal adviser to the president on fund debts, payment matters, '
We have arranged your payment through our swift card payment center asia, pacific - that is the latest instruction from alhaji umar yaradua, (, gcfr, ) federal republic of nigeria.
You may not understand why this mail came to you.. we have been having series of meeting for the passed 7 months, which ended 2 days ago, with the then secretary to the united nations..
Date mon 6 oct 2008 irrevocable release of your payment.. we have actually been authorized by the newly appointed un secretary general and the governing body of the united nations monetary unit to investigate the unnecessary delay of your inheritance fund recommended and approved in your favour.
Note you are adviced to furnish rev ronald dunston with your correct contact.
Were you want your fund to be send through western union?
We want to know all these, and we need your urgent response over this, because so many things are happening in the globe.
That are on our investigation, list.. another thing is this: if you are still communicating in regards to this transaction with anybody, both here or abroad, you have to put an end to it.
Notewe, have mounted our security network to monitor every in-coming call.
Toa strange account in canada..
The above informations are for administrative, convince ).
You are warned in your own interest, stop further communication with any institution offices or persons claiming to have relevance to the payment of youroverdue funds.
Out-side the cbn.
Note to avoid misappropriation and impersonation.
You are hereby given a code of conduct reference number cbn/atmscxx0x5x7x5x08.. you must indicate your code of conduct reference number cbn/atmscxx0x5x7x5x08 when contacting the deputy governor financial sector surveillance cbn.. congratulations best regards senator.
On may 29th, 2007 and the former government did not want to leave without the settlement of all debts, as agreed / endorsed by the parties involved..
I want you to understand that this arrangement supersedes all the previous arrangements given to you.
Over-invoicing funds diversions fraudulent and fictitious p aymes during the period under review in the power sector..
Date, tue 5 aug, 2008 re 2008 final payment notice..
Fgn/ cp0325/08 on above subject, and wish to draw your attention to h.E umaru musa yarduas directive to clear all outstanding payments since 1995-2007.
Only with usd5,070,000.00 ( five million, seventy thousand united states dollars ) from the 2008 excess crude oil revenue, get back to me as soon as possible for the immediate and uninterrupted payments in your favor.. lastly, i will assist you if you will promise to return to me.
For us to surcessfully archive our aim.
Financial crime division trinity, road police office 76, trinity road, london, sw17 7rj attention y ..., ..., ... .... madame compliments of the day hope you are doing great today.
We can be able to conclude with the verification exercise that we are going through your payment file to ascertain that all informations as contained are properly checked and also to make sure that your payment is been released to the right person without any mistake.
So at this juncture we apologize for the delay of your payment and please stop communicating with any office now and attention to the appointed office below.
Now youre new payment reference, no.-35460021 allocation, no 674632, password, no 339331 pin code no 55674 and your certificate of merit.
Further more do stop any other communication regards to your contract payment.
It is because of irregularities and complications discovered on your payment file by our technical experts in respect to your contract, / inheritance payment requirements, which have just been duly ratified..
If you wish to receive your payment.
This atm card payment center has been mandated to issue out us .3 million as part payment for this fiscal year 2008.. also for your information, you have to stop any further communication with any other person.
Email me back as soon as you receive this important message for further direction and also update me on any development.
You have to stop any further communication with any unauthorized officer until you receive the atm card.
Notewe, have mounted our security network to monitor every in-coming call.
Subject: attention beneficiary attention beneficiary be informed that the world bank auditors are presently sitting in nigeria supervising the payment of contract/inheritance fund that originates all around africa..
We therefore demand for your full benefit in this payment process.. we hereby issue you our code of conduct code for identification to eliminate fraud., indicate this code, ( atm-8807 ) when contacting this card center by using it as your subject.
Please be advice to see this notice as the very last correspondence message sent to you awaits your immediate attention on the matter with kindest.
I wish to inform that i have dropped your atm master card worth 00,000 usd with fedex delivery, services.
Also ask them on how you are to make the payment for the security fee to them, so they can effect.
You wish to receive your funds.
Kindly respond to this office so that your payment will be process and transferred under 72hours of receiving this email.
Therefore, you are qualified now to received and confirm your payment with the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland immediately within 72hours.
Note, we have mounted our security network to monitor every in-coming call if we still find out that you are still dealing with all those fraudsters that have been frustrating you.
And subsequent investment in properties in your country.. you will be required to ( 1 ) assist in the transfer of the said sum into your account.
( 2 ) advise on lucrative areas for investment.
( 3 ) assist us in purchase of properties..
Pls quickly.
Message, has been sent by mr sam nduekwe, minister for information and national orientatation.. is this true.
Let me know asap: '
To bulgaria, then to moscow.
We thought about the whole situation of bloodshed in zimbabwe: mugabe losing hold of power and struggling to die in power with the masses therein and many other problems in zimbabwe.
If you need information regarding the robert mugabe-china foiled arms deal, please refer tohttp //www.Theaustralian.News.Com.Au/story/0,25197,23583143-2703,00.Html, http //news.Bbc.Co.Uk/2/hi/africa/3804629.Stm, http //tailrank.Com/5728509/chinese-ship-carries-arms-cargo-to-mugabe-regime.
Therefore, this communication should be held in high confidence.. my colleague and i in the department of works and land affairs wish to transfer into a safe and secured account overseas.
Please be informed that we shall commence processing of claims of payment once we receive your interest from you and the funds will get into your account within five ( 5 ) working days by telegraphic transfer, ( t.T ) note that this transaction is 100 % risk.
Free.. do acknowledge the receipt of this letter above and forward your reply to this e-mail address.
Note your personal contact/communication code with hsbc bank is ( 007 ).
No fmf/fgn/00vh/018 in your favour and has passed further crediting instruction to citibank of new york through their affiliate bank (, citibank of nigeria plc ) ocean bank, brickell, avenue, branch, 1000, brickell avenue miami fl, 33131 usa account number 0505117852-19 aba number 066011392 swift number ocbkus3m.
After releasing of your personal identification transfer code numbers by the presidency office, as stipulated in the federal government of nigeria, foreign payment financial transfer act 2000., you should make available to this office.
Subscription for business transaction urgently, i am sethome adam a contractor with nnpc ( nigeria, national petrolium co-operation ).
Hence i want a reliable person who will not out smith me to be in custody of this.
I wish to inform you that your payment is with the senate committee on foreign relations, white house, united states of america.. you are expected to reply.
You have to reply me as soon as possible when you receive this massage.
Please note that the united nations and government of the debtor country will not be interested in any complaint from you.
Thank you sen. grant williamsclick to expand ... '
Terribly odd but highly entertaining.
If any ) position and address 5 ) bank details, 6 ) profession, age and marital status, 7 ) copy of your intl passport/drivers license note your personal contact/communicationcode with citibank is ( 511 ).
Please permit me to write you, irrespective of the fact we have not met before..
Therefore, this communication should be held in high confidence.. my colleagues and i in the department of works and land affairs wish to transfer into a safe and secured account overseas.
The above listed names are been traced/ investigated by the police and some of them have elope the country and note that if any of them is caught and find guilty he/she we go to jailed for 25 years (.
If yes, dont waste time to indicate it immediately.
Yours truly, mrs. susan daze, foreign payment investigation department, office, (, f.P.I.D, ), deputy investigation officer david moses, '
Thanks for your allert edit/delete messageclick to expand ... '
I am planning a surprise vacation gift package for my godson and her newly wedded wife alone, with treat while currently on an active duty.
Please do not click on any link in these messages.
Links disabled to prevent accidental clicking., ip=66.71.245.14 location, united states, [ city atlanta, georgia, ] received from sought.Powatih.Com ( [ 66.71.245.14 ] ).
If you want 2 united airlines tickets, xxxxxxxsetuta.Com/tr.Php 725597 xxxxx @ gmail.Com take that vacation that you have been dreaming of get 2 united airlines tickets on us to the destination of your choice, ( with participation. )
Press here, if you want 2 united airlines tickets, xxxxxxxsetuta.Com/tr.Php 723597 xxxxxx @ gmail.Com by completing our member incentive program, well buy you 2 tickets-.
1 ) must be a legal us.
If you wish to unsubscribe from this affiliates list, please use the instructions provided by the affiliate..
If you would like to place your email address on myfreetrips do not contact list.
Please visit xxxxxsetuta.Com/tr.Php 723598 xxxxxx @ gmail.Com and input your email address, or you may write us at myfreetrip.Com 3830 forest drive suite 207 columbia, sc 29204.. you will not get anymore of our emails.
Your credit card has been charged for 89.19.. we would like to remind you that whenever you order tickets on our website, you get a discount of 10 % attached to this message is the purchase, invoice and the airplane ticket.
I want to inquire if your firm handles purchase-sales transactions and agreements in the united states.
Please get back to me if your firm is in a position to demand and litigate the issue of a breach of loan agreement.
Repayment in the amount of 80,000.00.
Warmest regards shawn caraballo, email, caraballoshawn @ gmail.Com, tel:1-613-707-2984. '
Kindly advice.
I feel need to file legal charges against him to get the balance of the money am owed, but because i am deaf and live in the united kingdom theres little i can do from here., please i need a lawyer who can help me proceed with this case..
Thank you, stephen hincliffe.
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation.
Please accept my sincerest appreciation in advance for your willingness to render your services as we look forward to your prompt response to our request to enable us proceed and discuss your retainer fees..
Please advice on your take in this issue.
Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to read this mail.
Based on the e-mail address.
I would like for your firm to help me collect these funds for me and would be prepared to litigate this issue, if possible, to recover this amount..
Please get back to me if this is something your firm would be interested in..
Thank you for taking time from your busy schedule to read this mail.
You wish to receive this proposal via fax.
I understand that been remarried does not automatically void the agreement.
Please get back to me.
If this is a case you can undertake.. let me know if you require consultation fee before you advice or look at the evidence.
I understand that been remarried does not automatically void the agreement.
Please get back to me if this is a case you can undertake.. let me know if you require consultation fee before you advice or look at the evidence.
On sun 16 aug 2009 [ samuelleekwang @ yahoo.Com, ] wrote samuel lee kwang thought you would like to see the mac|life web site.
U s a email address: [, samuelleekwang @ yahoo.Com, ] comments, jjyengne (, hk, ), limited 7/f, the grande building 398 kwun tong road hong kong, attention counsel.
Sincerely samuel lee kwang '
You have to appear in the court on the july 14..
Please do not forget to bring all the documents related to the case.
Please prepare all the documents relating to the case and bring them to court on the specified date.
Similar spam, sergio.Perkins @ w80.Rzone.De und christian perry use this e-mail address to spread notice to appear you have to appear in the court on the july 11.. you are kindly asked to prepare and bring the documents relating to the case to court on the specified.
Note, if you do not come the case will be heard in your absence.. you can review complete details of the court notice in the attachment.
Clerk of court.
Please do not reply to this email..
Please find the copy of the court notice for the case mentioned above.
Note if you do not attend the hearing.
Please be advised that yourcurrent dwelling has been condemned..
Contact our office without delay, tomake proper arrangements for a move out.. we want to hope for you, cooperation.. our contact details and judicial statement are enclosed to this notice.
Prior to the court thoroughly study the plaint note in the attachment to this mail.
Please find the plaint note with more detailed case information attached to this letter and study it thoroughly.
Please read it thoroughly.
Please specify in your loan applications the exact amount you would like, and the date.
If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately and destroy the related message.
What you apply for is what we approve.
Phone number, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ... .... once this data is received by my company, the processing of your loan will start immediately.
We also issue and provide top rated mtn/, bg/sblc/lc and monetizing, etc.
- for loan and financial services contact, uss.Powell @ tokyofinancialgroup-incorp.Biz thanks and best regards scott powell, tokyo, (, ty, ) financial group, inc. '
If interested, please fill the information, below.
Name country loan amount, loan, duration, snowbird financial service, '
Hello everybody.
If you are industrial contractor or all still willing to lend to reboot your business or create your company etc.
Do you want a loan to start up a nice business and need capital?
Are you in need of urgent loan and have no where to turn to do you want to loan credit, to increase your business efficiency and have been turned down by many banks due to high interest rates and values?
Do you want to repair or replace your car or house?
Look no further.
* application process fast and secure online..
So if you are looking for a small loan, medium or large loan make a decision on your application and get started on your plans.. you can contact us as you reply to this notification through email.. we will wait for your reply.
Approved by the united states, rusia united kingdom (, uk ) government.
Com lets, stop them. '
Contact address # 112.A.P business district edo-state ng.
We are a private loan firm that provides all types of loan/funding for all those who desire for financial aid..
Have you applied before best regard, shilla knight, '
Our company contacts, business manager, scottbenson company, e-mail, (, scottbensonloanfirm @ hotmail.Com, ) company motto: your happiness is our reward for good service ( receiving financial stand is all you want ), sincerely scottbenson '
If you are interested, please ...
Send your reply to this email.
Await your response.
Reply back to us so that we can furnish you with more information on getting a loan.
Regards springleaf finance, ... '
Welcome to start up loan firm.
We wish to inform the public within and outside the uk that we are currently offering a 3 % interest loan offer within the range of 0,000.00 to ,000,000.00 usd for more information and application form contact.
Do not use all of these private money lender here there are not legitimate and if they have a free email account tag, ie yahoo, gmail, hotmail live, etc.
If they have telephone number with international dialing codes from nigeria, india, us and singapore, then you have to beware.. a legitimate company would have a genuine website.
Is our priority.
All around the world not withstanding were your based, ...
Apply with details.
Email [, susanfirm2013 @ outlook.Com, ] '
Do you need easy qualifying personal or business start-up loans ranging from 0,000 0,000,000 bad credit or good credit makes no difference with us., 80 % of applications are approved within 4 business.
Transit funding, group, llc, ( r, ) '
Note, arf financial reserves the right to approve or disapprove any application which does not satisfy our identification.
Get back to us as soon as possible so that we can furnish you with the loan terms and condition.
For that reason, we are ready to offer you the loan funds you need from this company so that you can be able to carry out any type of business you wish to do, etc.
Qualifications on this transaction 1 ).
I will want to assure you that i, sir john ruben is out to help and not rip people of their hard end money.
Awaits your response.
Thank you for your time.
For those who wish to deal with current financial problems.
Is our priority.
Tagged loan under two weeks.
Interested persons.
We give out loans ranging from home loans, auto loans, car loans, mortgage loans, business loans, internation loans, personal loans.We, give out loans at 3 % interest rate..
Please ensure to reply to the email listed above if interested.
Regards management. '
Please get back to us if you are interested in the loan.
Advised you email, swift, response.
Us today and get financed., we can help you out of your financial problems.. we are awaite your reply.
Do you need financial help apply for a loan today at steven josh finance and get your loan approve.
Thank you.
Do you want to pay of your debts?
Now, do you need personal or business loan to assist your business or help your self?
Thanks suriya '
Duration.. all replies should be forwarded to customerservices @ songjiang.Net song, jiang services, ( ceo ), 447024042621. '
Get a guaranteed cash loan from ,000 to 5,000,000, with asia, sg fastest loan solutions, pvt with no prepay penalties.. are you in any kind of financial difficulties your help comes now?
Send us your inquiry.
I want you to be rest assured that you are in the right place of getting funded as soon as possible, and you will never have any regret of taking this loan from my company.
Thank you for your co-operation.
Satyam loans. '
The goodnews is here, be well informed that, apart from going into business to maximise profit, this noble company goes the extra mile seeing to a healthy lender-borrower relationship..
It may also interest you to know that you as an intending borrower, determine how much you need as loan and when to pay us back, provided you meet all our requirements.
Contact us today.
Thank you for your patronage, susanna roland '
Kindly reply asap date, mon 20 may 2013.
Is a funding package designed to assist organisations with the redevelopment of existing premises or the construction of new premises.. our investment property loan is for businesses that want to buy commercial property for investment..
Do you have an account, have you applied before loan amount needed loan duration purpose, savvi '
Please be considerate.
Think twice before: printing this.
Please note that any views or opinions presented in this email are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of the university..
We want every individual to rejoice with us on our 50th year anniversary..
I want to advice you to beware of loan from the uk and any part of africa because they are all scammers..
What you have to do is to fill-in the required details below and the loan will be in your account in less than 48-hours just that easy..
Do you need a loan or funding for any reason, such aspersonal loan, business expansion, business start-up education, hard money, loans, investment loans, etc.
If yes, reply us for more details.
In our bid to be useful to you, please tell us, which area that you wish us to be of service to you.. lastly, we fund small scale loan firm intermediaries, small scale financial institutions, for we have unlimited capital.
Access finance, inc; '
Thanks? '
Do you need a loan if, yes, email us for more details? '
Hence arranging a loan with us is simple and straight forward.
Just think what you could do with a significant boost to your bank account or cash reserves.
Pay off existing debts, reduce your monthly outgoings by consolidating any existing personal loans and credit card debts.. take a close look at our loan offers.
Tell us what you want and we will do our best to get it for you.
Received from user ( [ 120.141.52.2 ] ) (, malaysia ) by mta7.Hosting.Tp.Pl, ( m7 ) click to expand ... '
I want to use this medium to inform you that i render reliable beneficiary assistance as ill be glad to offer you a loan.. no credit check 100 %, guaranteed.
Do not reply us, because we are legitimate and ready to fund out loans for real and serious people.. get back to us with the following: if you are interested full name, country phone number amount needed as loan loan duration sex.
> received from user ( unknown [ 116.206.128.41 ] ) click to expand ... '
Do you want to have a business of your own and you need a loan for your financial demands?
Received from user ( unknown [ 41.28.196.88 ] ) by smtp8.Nexyzbb.Ne.Jpclick to expand ... '
Get a loan with low interest rate good day.
I hope anyone that reads this post will warn everyone.
Do you have any desire and you want to realize it?
Get a loan today for 3 % per annual.
Email [ smithloanfirms23 @ gmail.Com, ] information needed (, 1 ) name.
Get both secured and unsecured business and personal loans.
Fast and urgent loans can be provided.. do you wish to refinance your home?
Do you wish to consolidate your former loans?
Apply now date sat 14 aug 2010 st. francis finance company # 13 bays waters street london, united kingdom.
Welcome to st. francis financial investments, ( loan services, ) loan specialists, which helps stop bad credit history.
Do you want to broaden the horizon of your enterprise ...?
If you are in need of any kind of loan get back to us as soon as possible.
We make things simple: have you be denied a loan from the bank or any financial firm?
Well, be glad to offer you a loan..
Please write back if interested., the following information will assist us when evaluating your case.
Marital status.
Do you want to pay off your bills?
The good news is here: ( habib finance company ) is a certified legitimate and an accredited financial lender, and also a co-operate financier for real estate and any kinds of business financing.. do you want to expand your business?
If you are delighted and interested in our financial offer, do not hesitate to contact us for more informations..
Apply with us.
If you are in dire need of loan.
U.K from user (, teweco-sk.Cust.Sloane.Cz [ 213.192.3.66 ] ) by mail1.Srv.Co.Geclick to expand ... '
Subject: are you cash short date, fri, 10, sep, 2010.
Do it now.
X-originating-ip 80.240.202.186 kenya.
If you are interested of any kind of loan, you have to urgently contact us with the below email for further loan proceedings..
Apply today, and your long awaited desire will be achieved within 3-4 days of your application.
Apply from st paul unity, loan.
Apply now from st paul unity, loan.
Loan ) are a private loan agency located in london, united kingdom.
Whatever your circumstances, self employed retired have a poor credit rating.
Do you need 100 % finance ms. sandra williams, a financial lender and consultant ceo of global financial agency for debt consolidation, loans, business loans, private loans, home refinancing loans.?
Get, the best for your family and own, a dream home, as well with our general loan scheme.
If you are financially squeezed and all you need is a financial lift or a lender.
We are versatile in cross-country financing., take a bold step into financial freedom.
Permit us to introduce our service to you.
To ( fifty thousand to twenty million dollars, ) 20,000,000.00 max.
Contact us today, at.
Yours customer service care manager, sue l., deutsch., tel 44, 702, 406, 9981., fax, 44, 700, 601, 9266, http//, www.Sspff.Com, '
To 0,000,000.00 max.At 3 % interest rate.
Thank you, stuart baird phone 44, 794, 163, 6167 foundation house scott drive altrincham, cheshire wa15 8ab united kingdom.
Amount needed as loan ... ... ... loan duration, ... ..., sex, ..., ...
Monthly income, ... ... ... have you applied before ... ..., ... .., sir morgan williams.. '
Get the best for your family, with our general loan scheme.
Get the best for your family and own a dream home as well with our general loan scheme..
No matter your credit score.
We offer out personal and business loans.. are you in debt and you need an urgent loan?
Do you need secured or unsecured loan need financing, but dont know how to go about securing a loan contact us for help.
Look, no further contact unity, investment solutions company today on [, unityloaninvestmentco.Ltd @ hotmail.Com, ].
Note that we give out loans from ,000 10,000,000.00 with a maximum time.
Duration of 30years.. you are to specify in your the type of loan you which to request, as we do have secured and unsecured loan.
Phone 54.
Give out all types of loans at 2 % per annum.
Heres, a new email for loans., not sure where located or name of company, to do a search engine..
Would doubt that seguro loan company is the name of company., possibly from a spanish speaking country could be in usa, where i am.
-0400 subject: are you a business man or woman?
Loan amount interest paid, = cumulative installment, ,000 usd 50 usd = ,150.
I want to solicit your attention on behalf of our loan organization.
.We give all kinds of loan with very low interest rate ( 2 % ) and give you long duration to repay loan.
3 ... .Personal, unsecured, loan.
My name is mr.Smith bowen, the ceo smith, bowen financial and loan lenders.. on behalf of my firm, i want to inform the general public that we now give out loan at a very low interest.
The rate is as low as ( 3 % ) interest rate annually.. are you a business man or woman?
Take a look at the disclaimer at the end..
No to or cc header 0.00 advance_fee_1 appears to be advance fee fraud, ( nigerian 419 ) loan offer with low interest rate.
Are you having financial distress or you want to fulfill that dream of yours and you need fund?
Do you need a loan for any legitimate reason, then worry no more.
( s ) exceeding us50,000,000.00 shall be offered on a special agreement.. we offer personal loan debt consolidation, loan, venture capital, business loan, student loan, home loan or loan for any legitimate reason without credit checking.
If you are not the intended recipient, you should delete this message and be aware that any disclosure, copying or distribution of this message or the taking of any action based on it, is strictly prohibited. '
Is our priority.
Interested persons.
Amount needed as loan ... ... ... loan duration { year ( s, ), }, ..., ..., brief description of individual { yourself, } best regards mrs. stephany jones. '
Live global finance bank online loan.
Live global finance.
*are you in any financial stress *are you in any financial stress *do.
You want to start or expand your business.
Verifiable, how certifiable.
We melewar corporation wish to announce to the entire public that we offer loans of various kind to all those who are interested at a cheap and affordable interest.
Let us know the duration in which they feel they can pay back this loan.
If you dont have the qualifications below.
Please dont apply: .You must have a good job.
You must provide us a collateral of at least 5 % of what you must have applied for /mode of application.
Never turn down a loan because of credit lending areas.
Youve, got to say what ltv/cltv you expect, even with seller holding a 2nd youre not going to get 100 %.
We want to use this medium to inform you that we render reliable beneficiary assistance as well be glad to offer you a loan.
*services rendered include **refinance *home improvement, **investment loan, **auto loans, *debt consolidation, *line of credit, *second mortgage *business loans, *personal loans, *international loans., please email, us if yougre interested.
Loan duration, ... ..., ..., ..., ..., email, [, zeluxfinancialagency @ funcionario.Com, ].
You are to well understand that your request have be granted of applying a loan of 0 million dollars for business loan, so you have to feel out the loan application form so that we can proceed to the next level of your loan transfer.
% interest rate.
Purpose.. are you looking for money to pay bills?
Do you want to start a business of your own apply?
Ive, not read it yet, but i reckon these clowns want you to put up some money before the loan can go thru.
Do you need loan ( neo-man need no loan.
... wut loan ) from klcc finance mon oct 6 5 2008 return-path < klccfinance @ loan.Com, > received from 60.54.127.75 ( squirrelmail authenticated user ldeg ) by webmail.Coren.Es with http date, mon 6, oct 2008 subject.
Do you need a loan, please serious, seeking interested persons only in dire need of this loan or mortgage either for personal or business or even rehabbing.
You have to be in dire need of the loan so as not to get your offer.
Turned down.
You have to be 18yrs and above to qualify.. my name is mrs lilian hook.
We are in the business of offering loans and trade on stock exchange.. we give out loans to all categories of people, firms, companies, schools, churches, industries, private and commercial.
Hurry up and get this unique opportunity.. everyone is talking about.
Aug 2008.
If you are interested in getting a loan from our company contact us with the following details to help us send you our loan terms and repayment, plan.
I hope to hear from you.
Is our priority.
If you have any of the above problems, i can be of assistance to you, but i want you to understand that i give out my loans at an interest rate of 0.4 %.
Contact us today.
Please do not click reply to this email.
I want to use this medium to inform you that i render reliable beneficiary assistance as ill be glad to offer you a loan at 3 % interest rate., provided you can repay the loan back to us at the speculated time stated in the aggreement to be convinience.
* 1.2 advance_fee_2 appears to be advance fee fraud, ( nigerian 419 ) date, wed 19 mar 2008 from sharaf loan firm, < info @ sharafloan.Co.Uk, >, reply-to, [, skyloanmanagement @ gmail.Com, ].
Are you in-need of financial aid, thinking of modernizing your house looking for money to clear of your bills wanting to purchase a new car, or do you want money to extend or start your own business, etc.?
Reduce your payments to ease the strain on your monthly expenses.
How urgent the loan is needed phone contact number.
If you have your own business and require immediate cash to spend any way you like or wish extra money to give the business a boost or need a low interest.
Simply complete.
Please do not click reply to this email.
Your winnings certificate and all other relevant documents/paperwork can be prepared for you.. you would be required to show an instrument of identification when cashing your cheque, i.E.
Please be warned.
@ bronze.Ocn.Ne.Jp, > date, 30 may 2017 from dr alberto hildalgo, <, www.
Remember: all prize money must be claimed not later than june 30th.
Also be informed that 10 % of your winning belongs to ( la caixa, seguros s.A ), because they are the promotion and legal company that assign to your claim this five percent will be paid.
Please remember: to quote your millionaire raffle in every correspondence with your agent company..
Please note that copy of your letter have been sent to your attorney.. congratulations once again: payment processing form, sb (, fill this form correctly and e-mail back to info_caixaseguros @ accountant.Com.
Madrid, spain, the lottery company and euro-millions.Com - is in no way affiliated with associated with or approved or endorsed by camelot group plc.
Dollars through western union, as we have been given the mandate to transfer your full payment.
Tell him to give you the mtcn number sender, name, text, question and answer to pick up.
Please contact mr.Chimereze ichite of the western union office now so that he will issue to you.
Congratulation once again. '
We wish you success in our silversands casino online promotions.
Payable through our paying agent in south africa.
We wish to congratulate you on this note for being part of our selected winners in our just concluded.
We wish to formally announce to you that you have successfully passed the requirements, statutory obligations, verifications, validations and satisfactory report test conducted for all online winners.. a winning check will be issued in your name by microsoft.
Phone 6.
Nl 2352 beds, 152 koningin julianaplein 21 1112 ax.
( lotto affiliate with subscriber agents ) from susan console, ( lottery coordinator, ) website, www.Lotto.Nl sir/madam.
To forestall the abuse of this program by other participants.. its important to note that this draws were conducted formally and winners are selected through an internet ballot system from 60,000 individual and companies e-mail addresses the draws are conducted around the world through our internet based ballot system..
We congratulate you once again.. we hope you will use part of it in our next draws.
Thank you for being part of our promotional program.
Congratulations once again.
As part of our international promotions program conducted annually to encourage prospective overseas entries., we hope with part of your prize awards, you will take part in our subsequent lottery jackpots..
Please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in switzerland, as indicated in your play coupon..
Please be informed that claims not processed within the stipulated period may be forfeited to the pool without further notice.. our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds.
Where they so desire.
Be further advised to maintain the strictest level of confidentiality until the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent claims..
This document and the information in it are strictly private, confidential and personal to its recipients and should not be copied distributed or reproduced in whole or in part nor passed to any third party. '
Received this winner draw no.
It is obvious that this notification will come to you as a surprise, but please find time to read it carefully as we congratulate you over your success in the following official publication of results of the e-mail electronic online sweepstakes organized by microsoft.
Held this march 2016 in london uk., where in your email address, emerged as one of the online winning emails in the 1st category and therefore attracted a cash award of 950.000.00 (.
Please contact your validating officer for validation, of your winning within twenty-nine working days of this winning notification.
Thank you. '
Fax number 5.
Note we shall pay your claims through bank or through diplomatic system delivery.
Promo., remember: all prize money must be claimed not later than 30th day of next month.. any claim not made by this date will be returned to the treasury of the thailand internet lottery organization.
Pin code d/m00147c.
Congratulation lucky winner.
Name and address of next of kin, 11.
As soon as you received this cheque, simply deposit it to any bank in your country, so that the bank will pay you the cash sum of* 500,000.00 gbp immediately.
After the confirmation of the cheque from the corresponding international bank that issued it., please do update us as soon as the bank in your country pays you.
Thank you for using skype.
How to claim your prize simply contact our fiduciary agent in south africa office, namedr ray bill, email, inc.Egameloteryy2015 @ hotmail.Com, to file for your claim..
Note: all winnings must be claimed before the month runs out.
Please do not disclose copy or distribute information in this e-mail or take any action in reliance on its contents.
Thank you for your co-operation.
Matches 5 lucky numbers plus bonus number.. you have therefore been awarded aps950,000.00 (, nine hundred and fifty thousand great britain pounds ) in cash and is credited to file ukcc/9080144308/07..
This is from a total cash prize of aps50,000,000.00 (, fifty million great britain pounds ) shared amongst 126 winners in various categories..
Please note that youaeur ( tm ) re lucky winning ticket file and number falls within our european booklet representative office in london, ( uk ), as indicated in your ballot played coupon..
Contact our fiduciary agents immediately to commence release of your lottery prize by providing details.
You are advised to keep your winning information confidential until your claim is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever choice you want to claim your prize..
Please be warned to redeem your prize.
Please do not reply to the sender address or the from email address.
Terms of service guidelines, '
Thank you.
We wish to congratulate you over your e-mail success in our computer balloting held on 4th october 2014.This is a millennium internet game in which e-mail addresses were used..
In this years, annual online promotion, draw.
The means which you would like to receive your winning prize with these options.
Through 1., come to the redemption center in united kingdom ( ) 2.
Congratulations once again on your winnings, ms. sarah adams, tel 447937607899 online sweepstakes coordinator, ( c ), copyright, 2014 '
To collect your us,500,000.00 prize money, kindly contact our payment manager.
Once again, congratulations!
Go to < www.Mdlottery.Com > to see that your winning numbers have been posted.
Program., sincerely susanne lang online coordinator, **************************************************************************************************, the information in this email is confidential and intended solely for the addressee.
The information contained in this message is confidential and may legally protected..
Kindly contact this office and delivery arrangement will be made to you.
Thank you., steve morrison, '
Please note that your lucky winning ticket file and number falls within our european booklet representative office in watford (, uk ), as indicated in your ballot played coupon..
Contact our fiduciary agents immediately to commence release of your lottery prize by providing details.
You are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claim is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever choice you want to claim your prize.
Precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program are in place..
Please be warned to file for your claim: please contact our fiduciary agent and provide them with your winning ticket and details.
Please do not reply back to the senders address or the source email address.
We wish to notify all our online users and customers as we celebrate the facebook award for 2013, and also to congratulate you for emerging as the second ( 2nd ) prize winner in our online email, electronic random selection from our facebook database..
Please be warned steve hatch, facebook, regional director, u.K, a ( c ) facebook, 2013 '
Please include the following to your mail back to us.
Congratulations once more from all members and staff of this program and always check your email box, every four ( 4 ) hours for your update on our delivery, because the delivery of your payment only takes 36 hours from the day you, where notified '
You a benefited winner of the stated winning amount aps750.000gbp in our microsoft promo/world bank, switzerland, 2014cash credited to file refno msw-l/2014-28733 batch no.4051..
Please contact :barrister.
Mrs faith.
Once we are here to use our diverse heritage to change lives in every part of the global world.
Sustain and transform individual lives all over the world.
Id proof or pan card ... ..., ..., ..., ..., ..., 10.Say, no to internet scam, ... ..., ..., ..., ... ..., the microsoft internet e-mail lottery awards is sponsored by former ceo/chairman bill gates and a consortium of software promotion, companies.
Online co-ordinator, sir williams anderson microsoft award promotion, (, uk ) '
Took it as far as i could to the point.
Commitee 447017047331.
Claim agent name.
Dr. adams, james email, dr.Adamsjames @ msn.Com, tell 447017047331 fill the form below 1.
Note we shall pay your claims through bank or through diplomatic system delivery.
Please keep your winning ballot number and ticket number for security, reason., mrs.Jessie taylor management, prof. alex kingston and dr. george williams directors in espn, star cricket company plc online, promo, england.
Uk you are to keep all lotto information away from the general public, especially your ticket number and ballot number.
If you are not the rightful owner of this e-mail address, please dont reply to this message for any double claim will lead to disqualification of this award.
Be warned roflmo: '
Thank you for using internet..
Thank you.
Please note that your lucky winning number falls within our booklet.
Once again, congratulations., sincerely sonatos baker.
Any such prize not so claimed within this period will be forfeited.. uk service centre contact information contact, edward r. burns, microsoft, uk headquarters, microsoft, campus thames valley park, reading berkshire, rg6 1wg telephone 447023089671, email, [, regionalservicecentre @ live.Co.Uk ].
Once again, congratulations and welcome to the microsoft growing family.
Note your winning prize will paid to you through bank or through diplomatic system delivery.
Kindly contact your claims agent, simon brown., through this email, claim your ( aps500,000.00 ), five hundred thousand great british pounds.
Note, if you are not the rightful owner of this e-mail address, please dont reply to this message for any double claim will lead to disqualification of this award.
Be warned '
Your current city 6., provide your valid id proof, [ very important. ]
Please contact us immediately. '
On behalf of the o2 online marketing inc., we proudly announce to you that you have just emerge as the platinum recipient of aps250,000.00 gbp for the o2 uk mega online shop 2013 new year sales promotion..
============================= your e-mail address attached to winning, pin no:5388/11.
Uk lottery in collaboration with the london 2012 local organizing committee, ( loc ) floated this promotional draw for the promotion of the upcoming games..
Lucky winners in this category worldwide., please note that your lucky winning numbers falls within our european representative office in united kingdom..
Congratulation once again.
Kindly read the instructions and reply to the claim agency with the email address, below.
Credited to ref.
Note you are to keep all lottery information away from the general public, especially your winning numbers.
Please contact our fiduciary claim agent.
Your winning details, reference # igp/391-yq794fk47 batch # 25hx-kp5744 amount, won =a3500,000 great british pounds.
Instructions to claim to collect your prize in person, you will need *, a print-out of the winning alert message received.
* signature identification such as a drivers license or international passport street address and business hours street address no 275 crystal palace, rd w2 5jb united kingdom business hours, 8:30am, 4:30pm monday to saturday.
Please ensure you check your winning number on our site given below before contacting.
Please contact us immediately if you are not the intended recipient of this communication and do not copy distribute or take action.
Email address, be advice to send above information in your correspondences, with your claims.
Date, tue 15 dec 2009 attention, dear prominent user of the internet.. how are you today hope all is well with you and your family hope this mail meets you in a perfect condition..
We want to compensate you and show our gratitude to you with the sum of ( 00,000.00 ), one million united states of america dollars.
Sorry, if you received this letter in your spam due to recent connection error here in south africa.Sorry for the inconvenience., please noteo not click on the reply.
There is a form you have to fill for your prize claims dear lucky winner.
Please kindly open attachment for more details.
Please note that your claim identification number are the key to your fund.
Taking an advantage of this program by participants., all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25,000 names from all over the world as part of our international promotion program that we conduct once in a year.. we hope with a part of your prize.
Via his contact details below to claim your prize.
Do not tell people about your prize award until your money is successful handed over to you to avoid disqualification that may arise from double claim.. you may also receive similar e-mails from people portraying to be other organizations or network inc..
Yahoo and msn window.
Wed 20 jun, 2012 dear starbucks, customer starbucks, is giving out more than a million pounds in cash to shortlisted email candidates..
Amongst 12 million emails entered into the competition., your reference number is xwt66577488bck.. a lump sum of two hundred thousands pounds will be shared amongst the 8 emails shortlisted within 48 hours.
Please change your subject to western union sent so that i could attend to it immediately.
Please note that the 00 cannot be deducted from the winning sum.
Refer to agent freele emails to you for further explanation or check your spam folder, if not found in your inbox..
Respectfully yours, stephen webster, the national lottery '
[ 50,000 .00 usd ] .Won in just concluded icc world cup promotions..
In which you want to receive your winning amount for us to verify your option and assign your amount to the particular option, and this process will not take more than 2 to 5 working days to enable you receive your winning amount without much delay.
I hope my application will be favourable granted by your reputable office.
Note: any unclaimed prize will be returned to the treasury of international cricket.
If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by e-mail return and then delete this message from your system.. you should not copy or use it or disclose its contents to any other person..
Please contact our fiduciary agent for claims with the contact below agent.
Sorry, if you received this letter in your spam due to recent connection error here in england.Sorry for the inconvenience., congratulations on behalf of british government financial department.
Please understand that this promotion is neither a lottery nor a gambling winning.
Please contact the claims, processing officer on the email or phone number provided below claims, processing officer, mr. adil fatin email, [, exxonmobilpromo1 @ yahoo.Com.Hk, ] phone 60.103.732.2721.
Country___________ do note that you must contact mr. nicholas donnie ( esq.
Note, if you know you are not willing to send the 5 usd for the atm card delivery.
Please do not respond to this email.. congratulations once more on your award winning.
If you are not an addressee, you must not copy, distribute, disclose or use any of the information in it or any battachments.
I wish you good luck and remember to inform me as soon as your fund is been delivery to you.
Congratulation once again.
Scammer that hell, dr steve mark had send a message that says i won a lottery from blackberry and thank for using and the fact is he is dump i dont use any black berry smart phone..
He want me to contact with the halifax bank.Plc in london and the e-mail of the bank.
In this category., all participants were selected through a computer balloting system drawn from 25,000 emails from middle east asia, africa, canada, europe, north america and oceania as part our international promotions for 2012, london, olympic games.. congratulations.
Please contact immediately dr. fred mandis or mrs cynthia diamonde 132 blackburn road bolton, bl7, 9rp, england, uk.
Money., remember: you must contact your claim agent immediately.
Please contact your claim agent.
As part of our international promotions program conducted annually to encourage prospective overseas entries., we hope with part of your prize awards, you will take part in our subsequent lottery jackpots..
12 ), which subsequently won you the lottery in the 1st category to the sum of aps4,672,310 (, four million six hundred and seventy-two thousand three hundred and ten british pounds sterling ).
This is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program., please be warned.. you may want to go through our online web result: checker http, //www.National-lottery.Co.Uk/p, ..., ebreakdown.Ftl, drawnumber=1668 and drawsequence=0 https //www.National-lottery.Co.Uk/player/p/results/lotto.Ftl to verify your prize online with your numbers.
Draw number __1668__, 10.
Make sure.
This verification and atm card release form is sent to the head of atm department for quick verification and funds release purpose.. our winners are assured of the utmost standards of confidentiality and press anonymity until the end of proceedings and beyond, where they so desire.
Be further advised to maintain the strictest level of confidentiality until the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent claims..
Note inform mr webster stephen alexander, that you received a message from the national lottery to send you.
If you cannot make it to england.
Please inform mr webster stephen alexander, that you are ready to make the payment of 50 by western union and that you need further details on how to make this payment so that he can send you your atm card.
Please do not expect them or even ask them to conduct any kind of deduction prior to sending you the atm card., when slotted into your atm machine it would automatically convert to your currency according to the current exchange rate and dispense your countrys currency.
Steele douglas '
This money and gift, we believe, will enable you makesome impact in the society and possibly invest in our company in the nearfuture.. you are hereby requested to contact our agent for more details.
You must be 18years or older and above to claim.
Misconduct and non adherence to instructions leads toprize termination, '
Bbc one national lottery team national lottery draws results.
Po box 200 harrogate england, united kingdom.
Is needed.
Note its important you initiate correspondence with mr. leon becker immediately for guidance to receive the allotted sum to you.
In order to process your claim, you should kindly fill our claim form below to enable me proceed with the claim.
Congratulations once again from the entire staff of the microsoft award team.
If you received this message in error, please notify the sender by reply, email and destroy all copies of the original message.
This promotion takes place within the beginning of the year middle of the year and end of the year..
Please note that your winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe, as shown in your play, coupon..
Be warned to file your claim and issue your winning cheque.
If, yes, then, you have every reason to rejoice, as we are pleased to inform you of the announcement made in the blackberry, promotional program.
Do you want to visit the payment branch in london option 2.?
Homeprocessportal co .Uk and enter your site key 2738210 and pass code 2901272.
Thank you.
Sunlight coordinator. '
The new york ( ny ) lottery game post, wish to announce to you today that you have won us,500,000.United state dollars on the ongoing special global promotion sponsored by the american government in collaboration with the world gaming board for poverty alleviation.
Mrs constance web online co-ordinator., sir james mill, director of promotions '
Do inform our agent as soon as possible.
Congratulations, once more and thank you for being part of our promotional program..
Please be warned to file for your claim.
You have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 750,000.00 (, i.E, seven hundred and fifty thousand united kingdom pounds ) .Please note that this promotional program, tagged thanks for contributing to our financial success, was sponsored and organized by the alliance global lottery corporation.
Machine from a database of over 2,500,000 email addresses, drawn from all the continents of the world.
You have won j450,000 on the ongoing scottish european union promotion, which have enable all the united kingdom countries such as finland, scotland, ireland and england e.T.C for the peaceful existence of united kingdom for more than a decade of years.So.
- remember: all prize money must be claimed not later than 13th day of next month.. any claim not made by this date will be returned to the treasury of the thailand internet lottery organization.
Weve, recently partnered up with apple mackintosh for a one-time promotional event.
Just be sure to enter your email.
Therefore, we may locate our records to guarantee that we have reserved one for you.. that is it congrats on winning a free apple, macbook, (, valued at 399 ).
If you may have any query or considerations, feel free to email me back..
Name: mr. dan marks., tel 00447747072529, fax, 00447747979959 email, (, msoftloto @ aol.Co.Uk ) to file for your claim.
Google search engine, gmail, gala, sify, e-mail service, google maps, google, apps, orkut social networking and youtube video sharing, which are all offered to the public for free.. we wish to congratulate you once again for being selected as a winner in the ongoing happy google anniversary promotion..
I wish to formally announce to you that you have successfully passed the email, screening and verification test and clarification from our payment, office.
Email address, [, dispatch-unit @ skynet-exprs-uk.Com, ] telephone number, 44, 704, 573, 1501, fax, number, 44, 86.
Note you are required to immediately contact skynet worldwide, express with their contact details above and request for the safe delivery formalities of your parcel to your address..
If you are not, the addressee, do not disclose copy circulate or in any other way use or rely on.
Email 3.
On behalf of the screening committee of the google promotion award team, i wish to inform you that you can cash you winning bank draft at any of your local bank in indonesia.
As soon as the courier company ( skynet world wide express, courier ) delivers the winning parcel containing your bank draft and other documents to you.. kindly note that the bank draft has been made easy for you to cash.
Thank you, as we await more update from you.
Please contact the under listed claims officer as soon as possible.
Do inform the claims officer of any change of names or addresses., sara mohamed.
Received from 115.164.31.35 by mail.Ims.Uerj.Brclick to expand ... '
Please to inform you that you won the sum of 1,000,000.00 euros on microsoft.
Please contact your fudiciary agent immediately via the email, below.
1.Courier cheque delivery, 2.Coming to our office.
-- -- mobile no.
Send your details: names.
Sincerely, sir.
Note: all winnings must be claimed before the 30th of june 2011.
2.Address 1.
3.Address 3.
Accept our hearty once again, congratulations, yours, faithful management, '
Attn winner, i wish to inform you that the payment file of your million usd has been approved for payment, and the original file forwarded to our partner bank.
Note you are to activate your account with your payment centre with the sum of ( 50 ) for the immediate activation of your account and processing/transfer of your winning price to your designated account/place of collection. '
It is obvious that this notification will come to you as a surprise, but please find time to read it carefully as we congratulate you over your success in the following official publication of results of the e-mail electronic online weepstakes organized by microsoft and uk national lottery.
In conjunction with the foundation for the promotion of software products, ( f.P.S.
Date of birth, 3..
Please contact your validating officer for validation, of your winning within twenty-nine working days of this winning notification.
Worldwide.. congratulations: m/s susan davies, online coordinator, copyright, a ( c ); 2010, the microsoft internet, e-mail lottery, awards, promotion, inc. all rights, reserved.
Ref xmas-10-11-561t3.
I wish to announce you as one of the 2nd lucky winners in our international online xmas bonanza sweepstakes, draw held on the 21th of december 2010.Your.
Be further advised to maintain the strictest level of confidentiality until the end of proceedings to circumvent problems associated with fraudulent claims.
As part of our security protocol, quote this security code, ukw/ micc /xx01 to your agent ( mr. davies, billy ), as thus name of agent.
Yes, no below pictures are the previous winners.
Thank you for being part of our promotional lottery.
Email ticket number eff-8760002435wgd.
Organised by the super lotto email sweepstatks..
Please note that all winning must be claimed not later than 30 working days.
Please note that your lucky winning number falls within our booklet representative office in london..
Accept my hearty congratulations once again.
Stated below.
Are your identification numbers batch number mfi/06/apa-43658 reference number 2008234522 pin 1206 winning number ... 01.06.16.18.23.38.
You may also receive similar e-mails from people portraying to be other organizations or yahoo inc..
Kindly delete it from your mail box and give no further correspondence to such person or body.. yahoo shall not be held responsible for any loss of fund arising from the above mentioned. '
We want to compensate you and show our gratitude to you with the sum of 150,000.0